You know what I do is write for children, and in fact, I'm probably the author for kids, more read in the United States.
And I always tell people that I don't want to seem like a scientist.
I can dress myself as a farmer, or with leather clothes, and no one has chosen a farmer.
I'm here today to talk to you about circles and epiphants.
And you know that an elephant generally is something that comes up to you somewhere.
You just have to go back to the apple to see it as an epiphany.
That's the painting of a circle.
A friend of mine did that -- Richard Bolki.
It's the kind of complicated circle that I'm going to talk about.
My circle started in the '60s in the middle school, in Stone, Ohio where I was the kind of class.
As they hit to blood every week in the children's bathroom, until a teacher saved me life.
She saved my life as I allowed to get into the bathroom of the teacher room.
I did it in secret.
For three years.
And I had to go from the city.
He had a thumb, and 85 dollars, and ended up in San Francisco, California -- found a lover -- and in the '80s, I felt the need to start working on organizations that fought AIDS.
About three or four years ago, in the middle of the night I got a phone call from that teacher, Mrs. Post he said, "I need to see you.
I am disillusioned that we can never get to know us.
You could come to Ohio and please bring that man who I know you've found.
And I have to tell you that I have pancreatic cancer, and I would like you to come up with this please."
Well, the next day we were in California.
We went to see it, we were coming back, we were crying, and we realized that she needed to be hospital.
We found a place, we tried it, and we take care of it, and we love her family, because it was necessary.
It's something we knew how to do.
And as the woman who wanted to know me as an adult came to me, it became a champion box and it was put in my hands.
And what happened was that the circle had been closed, he had become a circle -- and that epidemiology that he told them was made out of himself.
The elephant is that death is part of life.
She saved my life, my partner and I save her of it.
And you know that that part of life needs everything that the rest of life.
It needs truth and beauty, and I'm very happy today to talk about this.
It also needs -- needs dignity, love and pleasure. And it's our work to provide those things.
Thank you.
As an artist, connection is very important to me.
Through my work, I'm trying to express that humans are not separated from nature, and it's all interconnected.
I was for the first time to Antarctica about 10 years ago, and there I saw my first temples.
I was amazed.
My heart fast, I was husband, trying to understand what was in front of me.
The temperatures around my around the water are almost 60 feet, and I couldn't even think that it was a child of snow on another year of snow after year.
The temples are born when they get rid of the glaciers or they break the ice bar.
Every iceberg has its own individual personality.
They have a different way of interacting with their environment and their experiences.
Some people refuse to give up and they are clinging up to the end, while others can't support them more and they fall into a dramatic passion.
It's easy to think, when you look at a temple, that are slowly isolated and alone, largely as we see us sometimes as humans.
But reality is all opposite.
As a iceberg melts, I'm breathing its ancestral atmosphere.
As it melts a little bit, it releases rich fresh water in minerals that feed many forms of life.
I was able to photograph these temples as if it was about the portraits of my ancestors, knowing that in these unique moments there are such a way and not going back in that way again.
It's not death when you're depressed, it's not an end, but a continuation of your way for the cycle of life.
Part of the type of tens that I photograph is very young -- it has a couple of thousands of years.
And another part of the ice is over 100,000 years old.
The last pictures I'd like to show you are from a temple that I photographed in Keyolah, Greenland.
It is very often to get to to press a rolling phone.
Here they are.
You can see the left a little boat.
It's about five meters.
And I'd like you to pay attention to the shape of the iceberg and your flower line.
You can see here, it starts rolling up, the ship has moved into the other side and the man is standing there.
This is a iceberg of Greenland. This is a average size.
It goes out of the water about 120 feet or 40 meters.
This video is in real time.
And so you know, the iceberg shows a different side of its personality.
Thank you.
I want you to imagine two couples in 1979, the same day, exactly at the same time, every one of us getting a baby. Okay.
So, two couples every single baby.
I don't want you to stop too much in the details of conception, because if you stop thinking about consciousness itself, you're not going to pay attention to me.
Let's think about that for a moment.
And on this stage I want you to imagine that, in a case, the chromosome and the sperm is joined by the X chromosome.
And in the other case, the X chromosome of the sperm is joined by the X chromosome.
They both press and start life.
We'll go back to talk about them later.
In my activity I tend to fulfill two roles.
In one of my roles -- I work with the story of analytic.
I am a form of training, and what I study in this case is the way people love anatomy -- it's to say, human bodies and animals, how the body fluid, the idea of the body, what they've thought about the body.
The other role that I play in my work is the activist, as a patient defense or as I say sometimes, defense impact of people who are medical patients.
In this case, I've worked with people whose physical features defy social norms.
I've been working, for example, with six-year-old twins, two people within one body.
I've worked with people with instant, much lower than average.
And I've worked with a lot of cases of attractive sex, individuals whose physical psychology doesn't fit in male school and female schools.
In general lines, we can call it intersectional.
Interpretation adopted a lot of shapes.
I'm going to put some examples in ways of having a sex that is not enjoying the common or female forms.
So for example, there is the case of the individual basis of X-ray that gene MRI CRISPR is telling the prototypes, which we all have in the federal life, which is going to be testing.
And then, in the final life, the testicles produce testosterone.
But since this individual lacks of testosterone, the body doesn't react to the same.
It's the insurality syndrome.
So, there are levels of testosterone, but without reaction.
As a consequence, the body is developed by following a typical feminine course.
When the baby is born, the baby looks like a child.
It's a girl. It's raised as a girl.
And often, it's not until the puberty, when it's growing and developing the breast, but it doesn't have the menstrual period, when someone realizes something is happening.
After doing it tests you realize that instead of having ovarian and uterus, it actually has testicles and a chromosome.
The important thing to understand is that you can think of a man, but it's not really like that.
Women, like men, have in the body something called super-scale glands called superconductors.
They're in the back of the body.
Super-scale glands produce adults, the hormone of mall.
Most women like me -- I consider a typical woman, I don't know its criminal structure, I think it's a typical woman most women like me are sensitive to angry.
We produce angry and respond to angers.
As a consequence, someone like me has the brain more exposed to the addicts that the woman who was born with testicles that has the inspiration syndrome to the addicts.
So sex is a complicated thing. It's not that the international people are in the middle of the spectrum -- in a way they can be everywhere.
Another example: a few years ago I got a call from a 19-year-old boy born and raised as a vary, and I had a girlfriend, and sex relationships with her, he took a life as a boy and just discovered that he had ovarian and theory.
He had an extreme form of a disease known as a frozen super-scale hypertens.
It had 20th chromosomes and in the uterus global glands were so active that in essence, they created a male hormone environment.
As a consequence, their geniuses were manipulated, their brain was exposed to the horrible magic component.
It was born with a child, no one suspicious anything.
And it was at the age of 19, when I started having medical problems caused by the internal menstrual -- when the doctors found that, in fact, it was women in the inside.
Well, another quick example of a case of interstation.
Some people with 20th chromosomes develop what is known as open-source, and they have evolutionary tissue wrapped in temperate tissue.
We don't know why that happens.
So, there are lots of sex variations.
The reason that children with these kinds of bodies -- they're good, sixth signals, or international -- they are so smart to normal surgeries is not so that we can get a better physical health.
In many cases, people are perfectly healthy.
The reason that they are significantly summarized is that they are a threat for our social categories.
The system is normally based on the idea that a particular anatomy brings up a particular identity.
We have the idea that being women is to have female identity, supposedly being black means to have African anatomy in historical terms.
A terribly simplistic idea.
And when you present a body that shows something quite different, we have problems with catastrophe.
So we have very romantic ideas in our culture about the individual.
Our nation is based on a very romantic concept of individual.
Imagine how amazing it is to have children that are born as two people inside one body.
The largest recent case is last year with the South African Court Carter Seattle, put its sex in the International International Games.
Many journalists called to ask yourself, "What are you going to do to determine whether Case Sea is man or woman?"
And I had to explain to the journalists that don't exist such a test.
In fact, we now know that sex is so complicated that we have to admit that nature doesn't have a sanitary line between men and women or between men and international and women and international and international and international women, are us who we take that line.
So what we have is a situation where the most advanced science, the more we have to admit that these categories -- that we thought were stable anti-mainer-orientage categories that are directly constrained with stable identical categories -- are much more difficult than we thought.
And not only in terms of sex.
It's also in terms of race, something that turns out much more complicated than the terminology allows you.
As we see, we get on a writing terrain.
So look, for example, the fact that we share at least 95 percent of DNA with chimpanzees.
What are we going to look at the fact of making fun of them in just a few nuclear?
And as we progress in science we get more and more in an uncomfortable area where we have to recognize that the simplistic categories that we are probably going to do is too simplistic.
And we're looking at this in all the barriers of human life.
One of them, for example, in our current culture, in the United States of today, are the struggles at the beginning and at the end of life.
It's hard to look at a moment from which a body becomes human and has different rights to the photos.
There are very busy discussions today -- maybe not in public, but I know within medicine.
Our ancestors never had to go through this question of whether someone was dead.
As a lot of him put a pen in front of the nose, and if he was moved yet.
If I stopped moving you buried it.
But today, for example, extract vital organs from a body and put them in another body.
And as a consequence, we need to face the dilemma to really determine somebody's death, and this puts us in a difficult situation where we don't have the simple categories of the past.
And maybe think that this explosion of categories could be able to get someone like me.
I am a progressive program, defending people with unusual bodies, but I have to admit that I get nervous.
I'm going to consider that these categories are much more unstable.
It's about the standpoint of the concept of democracy.
And to tell you about this tension first, I have to admit that I'm an admiration of the founding parents.
I know they were racist -- they were sex, but they were big.
I mean, they were so brave and audacious and so radical in what they did, that I find each of us watching that music cure [unclear] and not for music, which is totally passionate.
That's why it happened in 1777 with the founding parents.
The founding parents were to me, for me, the first analogy activists and explains why.
What they rejected was an anatomical concept and replaced it with another who was radical and beautiful and kept for 200 years.
And as all of you remember, what you rejected our founding parents was the idea of the monarchy -- the monarchy was based on a very simplistic concept of the anatomy of it.
The old world monarchs didn't know the DNA, but they had the idea of birth right.
They had the concept of blue blood concept.
They were from the idea that he was going to power political power on the right to the father to father and then the son, etc.
The founding parents rejected that idea and replaced it for a new analogy concept, and that concept was that all men are created equal.
They came up with the game field and decided that the anatomy that mattered was the common anatomy and not the anatomical differences. That was a very radical thing.
And partly they were doing it because they were part of a illustrate system where they were getting two things.
And it was managing democracy and at the same time that science.
And it was very clear, if we look at the story of the founding parents, that many were very interested in science and the idea of a natural world.
They were being distributed from the supernatural explanations and they were rejected by the concept of some of the supernatural power that is transmitted by an idea of birth right.
They were moving towards a natural concept.
And if you look, for example, the Declaration of Independency, talk about nature and God Nature.
They don't talk about God and the nature of God.
They talk about the power of nature to tell us who we are.
And in consequence we were transmitted by the idea of anatomical coincidence.
And by doing that, they were feeling the foundations of the future Civil Rights movement.
They didn't think about it that way, but they did it for us, and it was great.
And what happened years next?
And women succeed.
Then I came the Civil Rights movement with people in the California Trust, who said, "I'm not a woman?"
We found men in the cities of the Civil Rights movement saying, "I'm a man."
And again, people of color that applied to an anatomical awareness about the anatomical difference, and again, they succeeded.
We see the same with the Discovery of Discribble.
The problem is, of course, as we look at the coincidence we have to start asking ourselves, why we keep certain directions.
But attention, I want to keep some anatomic divisions in our culture.
For example, I don't want to give a fish the same rights as a human.
I don't want to say that we should give us to the anatomy of the anatomy.
I don't want to say that five year-old children were supposed to allow them to have sex relationships or married.
There are some anatomic divisions that for me to make sense and think we should keep it.
But the challenge is to try to figure out what they are, why keep them and if they make sense.
Well, let's go back to those two series to the beginning of this talk.
We have two series, both conceptually conceptually the same day.
Imagine one of them, Mary was born three months before time: June 1, 1980.
Henry, in the contrary, was born in terms of March 1, 1980.
For the only fact of having been born three months before Mary is attributed to all the rights three months before the Henry -- the right to sexual consent, the right to vote, the right to drink.
Henry has to wait for all of that not because it has a different biological age, but because he was born later.
We find other roots in relation to their rights.
Henry, in virtue of being considered man -- though I haven't told you if it's XW: in virtue of being considered man now is possible from the mandatory environment that Mary doesn't have to worry about.
Mary on its part, it doesn't have the same rights to the marriage that Henry in all states, for example.
Henry can marry all the states with a woman, but Mary can marry a woman just in some states.
So they still persistent analytical categories that in various aspects are problematic and questionable.
And now the question is, what do we do now that science advanced so much in the field of the anatomy that we get to the point of having to admit that a democracy based on anatomy could be disasseers."
I don't want to give up science, but at the same time sometimes I feel like science is hiding.
Where do we go?
It seems that what happens in our culture is a kind of pragmatic attitude attention, "Well, we have to trace the line somewhere, so we're going to do it."
But a lot of people are stuck in a strange position.
For example, Texas at some point has decided that to marry a man you don't have to have chromosomes and that to marry a woman you have to have a chromosome.
Now, in practice they don't do criminal exams.
But this is also very strange given the story that I told you at the beginning of the sensitivity syndrome to the addicts.
If we look at one of the founding parents of modern democracy, Dr. Martin Luther King, in his speech, "I had drawn a solution.
It says that we should judge people not in the color of their skin, but in the content of their cartoon, going beyond anatomy.
And I want to say, "Yes, the idea looks very good."
But in practice, how do you do?
How to judge people based on the content of their cart?
I want to point out that I'm not sure that we should be based on this to guarantee people right to people, because I have to admit that I know some of the grandmasters that probably deserve more social services than some humans I know.
I also want to say that maybe some labs I know can make more informed decisions and intelligent and mature about their sex relationships than people from 40 I know.
So how do you put the issue of the content of cartilling?
It turns out very hard.
And one part of me is wondering what happens if the character of a person could in the future will be measured with an instrument, maybe with a magnetic MRI.
Do we really want to get to that point?
I'm not sure where we go.
What I know is that it seems to be very important that the United States is still guiding this thought of thinking in relation to the issue of democracy.
We've done a good job in defense of democracy, and I think we will make a good job in the future.
We don't live -- for example, in a context like the Iranian in which a man who feels attracted by other men is susceptible to be killed, unless it's willing to commit to a sex change, in which case is allowed to live.
We're not in that situation.
I'm glad to say that we don't have a context like a surgeon that I talked about a couple years ago that had made a couple of years ago that had made light twins and then pick them up and get her fame.
But when the phone asked the death of the operation, it was a very risky operation -- I said that in that other country, these kids would be very matrix, and therefore I had to do it.
What I said, "Well, has the political asylum instead of the surgical separation?
America offers enormous possibilities to people to be who are without forcing them to change the state good.
So I think we have to be in your head.
Well, to end I want to say I've been talking a lot about the parents.
And I want to think about what democracy would be, or as it might have been, if we had given the mothers.
And I want to say something a little bit radical for a feminist -- and it is that I think there may be different ideas coming from different anatomical topics, particularly if there are people thinking about groups.
For years now, since I've been interested in interstation, I've also been interested in researching sexual difference.
And one of the things that has been interested to me are differences between men and women in terms of how to think and operate in the world.
And what we know about the cross-cultural studies is that women, on average, not all, but on average, tend to pay more attention to complex social relationships and to occupy those who are vulnerable inside the group.
And if we think about that, we have an interesting situation in our hands.
And years ago, when I was in the grad one, one of my advisers I knew I was interested in the feminist -- I was feminist from feminist -- like now.
"Tell me what the feminist is feeling.
And I thought, "It's the most silly question I've ever heard.
Feminist has to do with developing gender stereotypes, so there's nothing female in feminist."
But the more I've thought about your question, the more it seems to me that there's something female in feminist.
I mean, there might be something in average, something different between the female brain and the male that makes us more attention to complex social relationships and willing to help the most vulnerable.
So if the parents were very happy to find a way to protect people in the state, it's possible that, to have injected more mothers to this concept, maybe we would have enriched the concept of protection with reciprocal support.
And maybe that's what we need to do in the future when we bring democracy beyond analyzen: thinking less about individual body, in terms of identity and thinking more about relationships.
So as we try to create a more perfect one, let's think about what we do with each other.
Thank you.
In 2007 I decided that we had to remember how we think about economic development.
Our new goal should be that when every family thinks where it wants to go live and work, have the possibility to choose between at least a handful of different cities that are competing to attract new residents to attract new residents.
Well, right now, we're far from that target.
There are billions of people in developing countries that don't count with a single city willing to get them.
But the amazing thing about cities is they value much more than their cost of construction.
So we could easily give it to the world decisions, perhaps hundreds of new cities.
Well, this can sound absurd if you've never thought about new cities.
But you just replace them by apartment buildings.
Imagine that half of those who wanted to live in apartments already were propositions, and the other half still would be missing to do it.
You could try to increase the ability to make the capacity in all existing buildings.
But you know the problem that you would face is that those buildings and areas that surround them have rules to avoid the molecules and the distribution of construction.
So it would be very difficult to do all of those antibiotics.
But they could go to a completely new place, build a whole new apartment building building, always and when the rules of that place facilitate the construction instead of putting it together.
So I proposed that governments create new amounts of reform enough enough to contain cities and gave them a name, low cities.
Later, I found out that more or less at the same time, Japanese and West were thinking about the Homos reflecting Homo.
They knew that every year about 75,000 honors would come out of their country to go to the United States, and they wanted to ask what they could do to make sure that those people could stay and do those same things in Honduras.
In the summer of 2009, Honduras.
In the next regular elections, Pepple Look associated with a platform in which it promises reforms and at the same time reconciliation.
He asked the West to be his head of garden.
Meanwhile, I was preparing to give a talk in TEDGlobal.
Through a process of perfection, trial and error and a lot of tests with users, tried to reduce this complicated city of cities under status to their most essential ideas.
The first point was the importance of rules, like those rules that say you can't go and bother all of the current apartments of apartments.
We pay a lot of attention to new technologies, but you need so much of technologies to progress -- and usually it's the rules that prevent us to move forward.
In the fall of 2010, a friend of Guatemala sent him a link with the TEDTalks.
I showed it to Japanese.
They called me.
They said, "Let's give this to the leaders of our country."
So in December we met in Miami in a conference room in a hotel.
I tried to explain to you this point about how valuable cities are, much more valuable than its monetary cost.
And I used this image that shows the value of the land in a place like New York City, which is the land that in some cases, they are worth thousands of dollars per square meter.
But it was a pretty abstract discussion, and at some point, when there was a pause, October said, "Paul, maybe we could see the video of the TED Talk.
And the talk described in very simple terms, that a low city is a place where you start with depressed terrain, a status that specifies the rules that will apply there and an option for people to choose whether or not they want to live under those norms.
So the Honeybee President called me, and he told me that we had to do this project, this is important, this could be the way for our country to move forward.
He asked me to go to The Turkey and talk again about four and five of January.
So I presented another talk full of data, which included an image like this, that I tried to explain that to generate a lot of value to a city, this has to be very big.
This is a picture of Development, and the white line is the new airport that was built in Development.
Only this airport covered over 100 square miles.
So I was trying to convince the honest that to build a new city, you have to start with a site that is at least 1,000 square miles.
That's over 100,000 acres.
Everybody applaud correctly applied.
The faces of the audience were very serious and attack.
The Congress leader came up to the platform and said, "Professor Rome, thank you very much for your talk, but maybe you could see the TED talk video.
I have it in my computer."
So I sat and showed the TEDTalks.
And this explains the essentials that a new city can offer new choices for people.
There would be a choice of a city that you could go in Hollywood, rather than hundreds of miles away from the north.
And it also included new options for leaders.
Because the London government leaders needed help from associated countries, they could benefit from the associated countries that would help them establish and make the rules of the status so that everybody could trust that the status effectively compared to it.
We went and saw a site.
This picture is there.
It could be easily about a thousand square miles.
And soon later, on January 19, they voted in Congress to understand his constitution and add a constitutional device that would allow to create these special development regions.
In a country that just passed through this painful crisis, the voting in Congress in favor of this constitutional unit was 144 to one.
All of the parties all of the factors in society, they responded.
To include the Constitution, you have to take twice in Congress.
On February 17th, it was passed again in another vote of 114 to one.
Immediately after the voting of the 21st to February 24, a delegation of about 30 honors went to the two places in the world that are more interested in engaging in the building of cities.
One of them is South Korea.
This is a picture of a new big center of the city that's being built in South Korea, bigger than the Boston center.
All you see there was built in four years after they spent four years getting the permission.
The other country in building cities is Singapore.
In fact, they've built two cities in China and they're preparing for a third.
And if you think about this processing way, this is the point where we are.
They have a site, and they're already thinking about a site for the second city.
They are preparing a legal system that would allow administrators to come, and at the same time allowed to operate under a external legal system.
A country has already committed to allow its Supreme Court to be the last institution for this new court system.
There are urban planners and cities that are very interested in the project.
They can even get some funding.
But the only thing we know is that they have a good number of tablets.
There are many companies that would like to install in the Americas, especially in a place with a free trade zone, and there's a lot of people who would like to go live there.
In the world there are 700 million people who say they would like to immediately change another place.
There's a million the year coming out of Latin America to go to the United States.
Many of them are parents who have to leave their family to go to their family to get a job -- sometimes they're single mothers who have to win money to just eat or buy clothes.
Sadly, sometimes even children are trying to meet their parents who haven't seen in some cases, in a decade.
So what does it seem to think about building a new city in Hondou?
Or do you build a dozen of these, or a hundred of these around the world?
What does it seem to be thinking about insisting for families to choose between various cities that are competing to attract new residents, restrictions?
This is an idea worth spreading.
And my Dutch friends asked me to say, "Thank you TED.
I'm Jesus, and this is my value.
But before I show you what is inside, I'm going to make a public conference, and it's that, I live obsessed with the suits.
I love to find, dress, and more recently, photograph and post in my blog suit, colorful and different breakthroughs for each occasion.
But I didn't buy anything new.
All my clothes is from second hand of thumb markets and second hand.
Oh, thank you.
The second hand stores allow me to reduce the impact of my graphic in the environment and in my wallet.
And I get to know interesting people, usually my money goes to a good cause, and my aspect is unique, and buying it becomes my personal search for teachers.
I mean, what am I going to find today?
It'll be from my size?
Am I going to like color?
Do less than 20 dollars?
If all the answers are positive, then I feel I won.
Going back to the subject of my value, I want to tell you what I started for this exciting week at TED.
I mean, what does anyone have all that clothes?
So I'm going to show you exactly what I brought in.
I've brought seven pairs of interest, and nothing else.
International clothes for exactly a week is all I've put in my value.
I imagine it would be able to find everything else that I wanted to use after getting here to Palm Springs.
And since you don't know me as the woman who walks by TED on the inner -- that means I found some things.
And I'd like to show you now the sets for this week.
Doesn't it sound interesting.
As I do that, I'm also going to tell you some of the lessons of life that, you know, or not, I've learned in this adventure of not using new clothing.
Let's start with Sunday.
I call this blue take.
You don't have to spend a lot of money to look good.
You can almost see you for less than 50 dollars.
All the content, including the scale, it cost me 55 -- and it's the most expensive thing I've ever used in the week.
Lung: color is energy.
It's almost physically impossible to be of bad humor, when you're seeing a bright red panel.
If you're happy, you're going to attract other happy people.
Mars, intelligence is subsidied.
I've spent a lot of time in life trying to be myself and at the same time.
I just know yourself.
If you surround your proper people, you're not just going to understand you, you will also appreciate you.
Mirrors: Water the child you carry inside.
Sometimes people tell me that it seems to play the desks, or I remember in their seven years.
I like to smile, and say, "Thank you.
Jesses: The trust is key.
If you think you look good with something, it's almost sure you are.
And if you think you don't look good with something, it's probably true.
My mother taught me this day after day.
But it wasn't until the 30 years who really understood his meaning.
And I'm going to explain it in a few seconds.
If you think you're a beautiful person in your inner and outside, you don't see you can't catch it.
So there's no excuse for anyone in this audience.
We should be able to achieve everything we want to achieve.
Thank you.
Sell: A universal truth six words for you: the golden lentils come with everything.
And finally, Saturday, developing a personal and unique personal style, is a great way to tell the world something about you without having to say a word.
I've tried it over and over again when people were approaching me this week simply by what I was using, and we had fantastic conversations.
Obviously all of this is not going to go into my little value.
So before I go home, Brooklyn, I'm going to donate everything.
Because the lesson I'm trying to learn this week is that you have to leave certain things.
I don't need to go emotionally to these things, because back to the corner, there will always be another crazy suit, color and brilliant waiting -- if there's a little love in my heart and looking for it.
Thank you very much.
Thank you.
This is a representation of your brain that we can divide in two parts.
The left side, which is the logical part, and the right side, which is the intuitive part.
So if we use a scale to measure the altitude of every hemisphere, we could design a plan of our brain.
For example, this would be somebody who is completely logic.
This would be somebody who is completely intuitive.
So where's your brain on this scale?
Some of them would opt for one of these extremes -- but I think for most of the ingredients of this audience, their brain is something that -- with a great altitude in both of the hemispheres at the same time.
It's not that they're mutually exclusive.
You can be logical and intuitive.
I consider one of those people, which just like most other experimental quantum physicists, we need quite logical to match these complicated ideas.
But at the same time, we need quite intuition to make experiments really work.
How do we develop this intuition? Well, we like to play with things.
We can play with them, and then we see how they react. And then we develop our intuition from that point.
And actually, you do the same thing.
Certain intuition that you can have developed over the years is the one that says that one thing can be only in one place at a time.
I mean, it can sound weird to think that one thing is in two different places at the same time, but you didn't notice with this notion -- they developed it.
I remember watching a kid playing in a parking bar.
It was a small child, and I didn't do it very well, it always fell down.
But I bet the play with that parking bar taught a valuable lesson, and it's that big things don't allow them to pass them, and they stay in a place.
This is a great conceptual model that you can have from the world, except you are a particle physics.
It would be a terrible model for a particle physicist, because they don't play with parking bars -- play with these strange particles.
And when they play with their particles, they discover that they do all kinds of things really rare -- like they can go through walls, or they can be in two different places at the same time.
And then they wrote all these observations and they called it quantum mechanics theory.
At that point was the physics for a few years ago, you need quantum mechanics to describe those little particles.
But don't need to describe the big objects around us every day.
That didn't fit very well to my intuition, and maybe it's because I don't play very often with particles.
Well, sometimes I play with them, but not a lot.
And I've never seen them.
I mean, no one saw a particle, no one.
But it didn't also fit up to my logical part.
Because if everything is made of little particles and all the little particles follow the principles of quantum mechanics, then shouldn't it all follow the principles of quantum mechanical principles?
I don't find the reason why it shouldn't be.
And so I would feel much better if I could somehow demonstrate that a common object also follows the principles of quantum mechanics.
That's why some years ago, I proposed to do exactly that.
And I did.
This is the first object you can see that has been in a quantum mechanical supply.
What we see here is a little computer chip.
And you can try to see the green point right in the middle.
That's the metal piece I'm going to talk about in a minute.
This is a picture of the object.
And here I'm going to give you a little bit of a little bit -- it's right in the center.
And then here we make a good approach to the small metal trick.
What we see is a little bit of metal period, with transplant form, and that you get supported on a platform.
And then I did this almost the same way you would make a computer chip.
I went to a clean room with a new silicon chip, and I put all the big machines for about 100 hours.
For the last material, I had to build my own machine -- to make this original of a swimming pile of swimming underneath the device.
This device has the ability to be in quantum supercomputer, but for it it needs a little help.
Let me make an analogy.
You know how awkward it is to be in an elevator full of people.
I mean, when I'm in a real elevator alone, I do all kinds of weird things, but then when other people go up to do those things, because I don't want to bother you, or, actually, freak out.
Quantum mechanics says that inanimate objects behave in the same way.
The travel companies of inanimate objects are not just people, it's also the light that shines it and the wind that goes on on its side and the heat of the room.
So we knew that if we wanted this metal piece of metal to behave according to quantum mechanics, we would have to expose all the other passengers.
And that's what we did.
We took the lights off, then we introduced a vacuum and we extracted all the air, and then we face it to a temperature of less than a degree by the absolute zero.
Now, as being only in the element, the little piece of metal is free to act as it wants.
So we measured their movements.
We found it moving in very strange ways.
Instead of staying perfectly still, I was vibrating. And the way it vibrating was like a breath of this form -- like a floor that expands and it controls.
And when I gave it a soft support, we could make it violate and not live at the same time -- something that only happens with quantum mechanics.
So what I'm telling you is something really fantastic.
What does it mean that a viable thing and doesn't see at the same time?
Let's think about atoms.
In one case, all the tons of atoms that make that piece of metal are the streets and at the same time those same atoms are moving up and down.
It's just in determined instant when those are lined up.
In the rest of time, they're disappointed.
It means that every atom is in two different places at the same time, which means that all of the metal pieces are in two different places.
I think this is great.
Seriously.
It was worth going to get me in a clean room to do this for all those years, because, look at this, the difference on scale between one atom and that metal piece is more or less the same as the difference between that metal and you are.
So if a single atom can be in two different places at the same time, and that metal piece can be in two different places, why don't you do that too?
I mean, it's my logical part that I talk about.
So imagine if they were in several places at the same time, what would that?
How do you act your consciousness if your body was described in space?
There's another part of the story.
And it's when we heat it, and we turn the lights and look inside the box, we saw the metal still there in one piece.
And I could get to this new intuition, apparently all the objects in the elevator actually are quantum objects that are just made in a small space.
You hear a lot about the quantum mechanics that everything is interconnected.
Well, that's not so true.
It's more than that, it's deeper.
It's that those connections, your connections to all the things that surround you, literally define who you are, and that's the deep queerness of quantum mechanics.
Thank you.
My name is Amy.
And 18 months ago, I did another work in Google, until I launched the idea of doing something related to museums and art to my boss who's here and allowed me to take it up.
It took me 18 months.
Lots of negotiations and stories, I assure you, with 17 very interesting countries of nine countries.
But I'm going to focus on it.
There are a lot of stories of why we did.
I think my own story is simply in this slide and this is the access.
I grew up in India.
It was a great education -- I don't complain -- but I didn't have access to many of these museums and works of art.
So when I started traveling and going to museums. I started learning a lot.
And working in Google, I try to make the desire to make it more accessible by technology.
So we formed a team, a big team of people, and we started doing it.
Better than it shows the demo to then explain to you a couple of interesting things that we've taken out of its launch.
So just simply go to the Worldchanging.
Look around all the museums there are.
There is the Golden galleries -- MoMA, Erisman, Ruberboard, the Gate Gate.
In fact, I'm going to go into one of my favorites, to the Metropole, the New York Art Museum in New York City.
There are two ways to do it -- very simple.
We click and passed, we're already inside the museum.
No matter where they are, Bombay, or Mexico, that doesn't really matter.
You move around and they divide around.
Do you want to navigate the museum.
We opened up the top of the top, and, with one click, we jumped inside.
They're inside, they want to go at the end of the box.
They go forward. They are divided.
Explore.
Thank you, but I haven't gotten to the best.
Now I'm in front of one of my favorite paintings, "The Practitated Prizes in the Metropole.
I see the sign ...
If the museum shows us the image, we click there.
Look, this is one of the images.
Here's all of the data information.
For those of you who are really interested in art, you can click there, but I'm going to click here right now.
And this is one of the images that we've captured in what we call glamorous technology.
So this picture, for example, contains -- I think, about 10 billion peaks.
And there are many people who ask me, "What do you get with 10 billion peaks?
So I'm going to show you what you really get with 10 billion peaks.
It can do a very simple way around.
You see fun things that are happening.
I love this guy, his expression has no price.
But if you really want to dependence.
So I started playing play, and I found something that happened there.
And I said, "A moment, this seems interesting.
I went into and discovered that kids were actually playing something.
I came up with a little bit, I talked to some people from the Metropole, and I actually found that this is a game called "not an anger called an ancestor -- which is to hit an ocean with a stick.
And apparently it was very popular.
I don't know why they did, but I've learned something about it.
And now we're going to get even more in deep and you'll see that you can actually get even to the cracks.
Now just to give you a little bit of perspective, I'm going to take away the image, so you'll see what there is.
This is where we were, and this is the painting.
The best thing is to come, a second.
So now we're going quickly to jump again to the MoMA in New York.
Here's another favorite night, "The Star night.
The example I showed was to find details.
But what if you want to see the pictures?
What if you want to see how Van Gogh actually created this mastery master?
I increase it and really do it.
I go to one of my favorite parts in this picture, and I'm really going to get to the cracks.
This is the statue night, I think I'd never seen her before.
I'm going to show you another favorite function.
There are many things here, but I don't have time to show you.
This is the really cool part. It's called Colleges."
All of you, absolutely all, doesn't matter whether it's rich or poor, or if you have a manifest, that gives you the same.
You can online to create your own museum, create your own collection from all these images.
It's very simple, we come in, and I've created this function that I call "the Power of the South Power: We just made a piece around it.
It's about "The Native Gallery of London.
You can look at things, send it to your friends and keep a conversation about what you feel like these masterpieces are made.
So in conclusion, I think for me, the main thing is that all of the amazing things don't really come from Google.
No, in my opinion, even don't they come from the museums.
Maybe I shouldn't say this.
Actually, they come from those artists.
And that has been my humble experience with this.
I mean, I hope that in this digital medium makes its work of art, and it's represented by online online.
And the big question you do today is, you did this to repeat the experience of going to a museum to a museum to go?
And the answer is no.
It's to supplement the experience.
And that's it. Thank you.
Thank you.
Good afternoon.
I have something to show you.
Think it's a pine, a flying pin.
In our lab, we call it sensitive design.
I'm going to tell you a little bit about this.
If you look at this picture, I am from Italian origin, all the kids in Italy grow this picture on the wall of its bedroom. But the reason I show you this is that it has happened very interesting in the careers of Friday one in the last two decades.
A long time ago, if you wanted to win a formula of formula one, you took a budget and put it into a good pilot and a good car.
And if the car and the pilot were good enough, you won the race.
This is what in engineering, it's called a real-time control system.
It's essentially a system that has two components -- a sensor and a cardiacture.
The interesting thing is that control systems in real time are starting to enter our lives.
Our cities, in the last few years, have been covered of networks and electronics.
They're becoming computers in the air.
And as such, they're starting to respond differently, and they can be detected and accepted.
With the cities is a big thing.
As a little bit of it, I wanted to mention that cities are only two percent of the cortex of the planet but represent 50 percent of the world's population.
75 percent of the energy consumption -- and to 80 percent of the CO2 emissions.
If we could do something with cities, it would be a big thing.
Beyond cities, all these choices and activities are entering our everyday objects.
This is from an exhibition of Paul Anthroposter for the late year at MoMA, during the summer.
It's called "Taliban To Me."
Well, our objects, the environment, start to speak.
It's kind of like almost all existing atoms would become sensors and authorities.
And that's completely changing the interaction that as humans have the external environment.
In a sense, it's almost like the old dream of Milo Age.
You know, when Michelangelo survey sculpted the Moses, it says that at the end I took the hammer and I threw it to the Moses -- he still can see a little bit under a little bit under -- and he said "ready, "Parallel will not stand?
Well, today, for the first time, our environment starts to talk to us.
And I'm going to show you just a few examples -- insisting on the idea of capturing the environment and acting something.
Let's start with detection.
The first project I wanted to share with you is actually one of the first projects in our lab.
This was four and a half years ago.
It was a summer with luck in 2006.
It was the year that Italy won the World Cup of the world.
Maybe some of you remember it, played Italy and France, and at the end of the day, Zitty gave your head.
And anyway, at the end of the day, I won Italy.
Now let's see what happened that day looking at activity happened in the network.
Here we see the city.
You see the College in the middle and the Terry River.
It's the morning, before the game.
The time line is at the top.
On the early afternoon, there are people over here and there making calls moving around.
Start the participant, silence.
Gold de France cool.
Entrepreneur, people make a quick call and go to the bathroom.
Second time. End of regular time.
First of all, additional time.
Zill, and at a moment, the head.
Gandhi Italy, yeah!
That night they all went to celebrate the center.
You see the big peak.
The next day they all went to the center to the content of the winning team and the first minister of then.
And then everybody goes down.
You see the image of the place called Cyrus Massachon where, from the Roman time, people are going to celebrate. It's a big party, you can see the peak at the end of the day.
This is just an example of how you can measure the city pulse in a way that we wouldn't have been able to do only a few years ago.
Another quick example of detection is not about people, but things that we use and consume ourselves.
Today we know all about the production of our objects.
This is a map that shows all the chips that make a Mac -- how they are embarrassing.
But we know very little about where things are going.
So in this project we developed small tags to track the trash in their deployment by the system.
We started with a few volunteers that helped us in Seattle a little more than a year ago, to label what they were throwing out, different kinds of things, as you can see, things that are all going to take.
And then we put a little chip, a tag at the garbage and then we started tracking it.
These are the results.
From Seattle.
After a week.
With this information, we realized that there are many infections in the system.
We can do the same with much less energy.
These are data that they didn't exist.
They are happening and there's a lot of unnecessary transportation.
But the other thing that we believe is that if you look at every day that the cup that the cup that we shine is not described, which is still somewhere on the planet.
That if the plastic bottle that we throw a day still still there.
If we show that to people, then we can promote some behavioral change.
That was the reason of the project.
My colleague at MIT, Assas Birdle, could tell us much more about detection and many other great things that we can do with that, but I wanted to go to the second part that we mentioned at the beginning, which is to act on the environment.
And the first project is something we did a couple years ago in Zarkha.
It all started with a question of the mayor of the city, which came and told us that Spain and Southern Europe have a beautiful tradition of use of water in public spaces, in architecture.
And the question was, how can technology can -- new technology, will it join that?
And one of the ideas we developed at MIT, in a workshop was, imagine that they have a chaos and values, solar values, languages that open up and shut up.
It's created like a water curtain with water pixels with water.
If you fall the pixels you can write in them, show patterns, images, text.
And when we zoom in, the curtain will open up so that we can go on, as you see in the picture.
And we presented this to the Bellingth mayor of it.
They liked a lot.
And you have a commission to design the building to the entrance of the Expert.
We call it the Digital Water Palestine.
The whole building is made of water.
There are no doors or windows or windows, but when you approach it you open up so you can happen.
The ceiling is also covered by water.
And if there's a little wind, if you want to minimize the salary, you go down the roof.
Or you can close the building and all the architecture disappears, like in this case.
That day there will always be someone, in the winter, when you go down the roof, somebody who was there and said, "You developed the building.
No, it's not that you have developed, but when you get almost all the architecture goes down.
This is working.
You see the people integrated by what happens inside.
And here I'm myself trying to not show you the sensors that open the water.
I think I should tell you what happened one night when all the sensors stopped working.
That night was actually even more fun.
Every child in Zarkha came to the building, because the way to interact had changed a little bit.
It was no longer a building that was open to let you pass out, but a building that kept making cuts and water holes and you had to jump out to not move.
(Audience: And for us that was very interesting because as an architect, engineers, designers, always thinking about the use that people will give our designs.
But then reality is always unpredictable.
And that's the beauty of doing things to interact that people use.
This is an image of the building with physical peaks, the water pixels and the projections about them.
And this is what led us to think about the next project I'm going to show you.
Imagine that those pixels could start flying.
Imagine that they could have little helicopters in the air, and that each one had a little pixel that changes color as if it was a cloud that moves in space.
This is the video.
Imagine a helicopter, like the one that we saw before, which is moving with other series.
We could form this cloud.
A kind of flexible screen like this with a normal configuration in two dimensions.
Or normal but in three dimensions, where what changes is light, not the position of the pieces.
You can play with a different guy.
Imagine that the screen would appear in different scales and size, in different kinds of resolution.
And then all of that could be able to get a cloud of pixels in 3D where you can zoom in, and go back, and see from very diverse angles.
This is the real Florida Florida, going down to form a saw, like before.
When you turn the light, you see this. The same thing we saw before.
Imagine each of them controlled by a person.
We can have every pixel with an input that comes from people, from the people's movement, etc., etc.
I want to show you something for the first time.
We've been working with Robert Bollywood -- one of the best ballet dancers of today, the Metropole star of New York City and Milo School to capture their 3D movements and use them as input for the Flash.
Here we can see Robert dancing.
On the left you see the pickles, the capture in different resolution.
It's so much 3D digitization in real time as a movement capture.
It can rebuild all the motion.
You can remember all the path.
And once we have the pixels we can play with them, with color and movement, with gravity and routine.
We want to use this as a possible entry for the Flash.
I wanted to show you the last project we're working on.
It's something for the London Olympics.
It's called the cloud.
And the idea is, imagine again, that we could engage people to do something and change our environment -- as a cloud of cloud -- like the grade charge, but with a cloud.
Imagine that we could get everybody to drop a little bit for a piece.
And I think the remarkable thing has happened in the last few years is that, in the last two decades, we move from the physical world to the digital world.
We've digitized everything, like knowledge, and it's accessible through the Internet.
Today, for the first time -- and the Obama campaign showed us, we can move from the digital world, from the self-organizing power of networks, the physical world.
In our case, this may we want to use it to design and make a symbol.
That would mean something built in a city.
But tomorrow can be to address the challenges of today, think about climate change or CO2 emissions, how do we move from digital world to the physical world?
The idea is that we can make people involved in doing this together, collective form.
The cloud is a cloud, again, made of papers in the same way that the cloud cloud is a cloud of particles.
And those particles are water, whereas in our cloud are pickled.
It's a physical structure in London, but it covered peaks.
You can move inside, having different experiences.
You can see from the bottom, it can serve to share the primary moments of the 2012 Olympics. And even more, and it can be used as a form of connection with the community.
So it's so much a physical cloud of the sky as something that you can go up, as a new top of London.
You can get there.
As if it was a new digital shape at night, but the most important thing is to be a new experience for anyone who goes to the top.
Thank you.
Would you like to be better than you are it?
Suppose I would tell you that, with just a few changes in their genes, they could improve memory by more precise, more accurate and faster.
Or maybe you would like to be in better ways, to be stronger to have more resistance.
Would you like to be more attractive and secure of themselves?
What about good health?
Or maybe they are from those people who always wanted to be more creative.
What else would you like?
What would you like if you could choose something?
(Audience Member: Creativity." creativity.
How many people choose creativity?
Raise your hand. Let me see.
The few. It probably was due to the number of creative people present.
That's very good.
How many of you choose your memory?
A few more.
What is the physical state.
A little less.
How about longevity.
Oh, most of them -- that makes me feel very well as a doctor.
If you could have some of this the world would be very different.
Is it just imagination?
Or maybe it's possible?
Evolution has been a permanent theme here at the TED conference, but today I want to give you the look of a doctor on the subject.
The great generation of the 20th century, T.B. Douberger, which is also common in the Orlian Orthodox Church, wrote a climate trial "No biology makes sense to the light of evolution.
But if they effectively accept biological evolution consider this: it's just the past, or the future?
Does it refer to others or us?
This is another look at the tree of life.
The human part of this branch -- well at an extreme one, it is, of course, the one that interests us.
We had a common ancestor with modern chimpanzees about six or eight million years ago.
In the interface there have been maybe 20 or 25 different species of hominids in it.
Some have gone back and forth.
We have been here about 130 years old.
It might seem to be very far from other parts of this tree of life, but actually mostly the basic machinery of our cells is more or less the same.
Do you realize that we can leverage and control the machinery of a common bacteria to produce the protein of human insulin that is used to treat diabetes.
This is not like human insulin -- but it's the same protein, chemically individual, which comes out of the pancreas coming out.
And talking about bacteria -- you realize that we all take in the most bacteria of the cells that we have in the rest of the body?
Maybe 10 times more.
I mean, think of -- when Antonio Dama raises the automobile -- think of bacteria -- think of bacteria -- think of bacteria -- think about bacteria -- think about bacteria -- think about bacteria -- think about bacteria -- think about bacteria -- think about bacteria -- think about bacteria ...
The gut is a wonderfully hospital environment for those bacteria.
It's warm, dark, humble, is very complained.
And we're going to provide all the nutrients that you can want without any effort of your part.
It's really like a quick pathway for bacteria with the occasional disruption of some force attention to the output.
But by the way, we are a wonderful environment for those bacteria in the same way that they are essential for our life.
They help digest essential nutrients and protect us from certain diseases.
But what does the future?
Are we in a kind of evolutionary balance as a species?
Or are you going to become a different thing, something maybe better adapted to the environment?
In this vast increase synaptic in the universe, life on Earth is like a brief company, the animal kingdom, like one and only companies -- and human life, a little thanks of grace.
That was us.
And it was also the entertaining part of this talk, so I hope you've enjoyed it.
When I received college, I had my first kind of biology.
I was fascinated by the choice and the beauty of biology.
I fell in love with the power of evolution, and I realized something fundamental -- most of the existence of life, in the single-celled organisms, every cell is simply divided and all the genetic energy of that cell is transmitted to two daughters daughter.
But when the multicellular organisms appear things start to change.
It enters sexual reproduction.
And something very important, with the emergence of sexual reproduction that happens the genome, the rest of the body becomes preserve.
In fact, one could say that the inevitability of death death in evolution at the same time of sexual reproduction.
I have to tell you that when I was college student, I thought, well, sexually, sexually, death for sex -- it seemed pretty reasonable at that time, but with every year, I had more doubt.
I got to understand George Burner feelings, who still played in Las Vegas well in their 90s, OK.
And one night someone hits his hotel door.
He opens the door.
You find him a magnificent light dance of clothes.
He looks at it and he says, "Come in search for a sex soup."
"Okay, he says, "Gene, I chose the sophope."
I realized, as a doctor, who was working for a different goal to the goal of evolution, not necessarily contradictional, just different.
I was trying to preserve the body.
I wanted us to stay healthy.
I wanted to recover health in the disease.
I wanted us to live more and more healthy.
Evolution is to pass the genome to the next generation, adapt and survival generation after generation.
From an evolutionary point of view, you and I are like shelter rockets designed to send the genetic charge to the next orbital level, and then let me fall into the sea.
I think we all understand the feeling that Woody Allen was when he said, "I don't want to achieve the immortality through my work.
I want to do it not dying.
Evolution doesn't necessarily make longevity.
It doesn't necessarily favor the largest or the strongest or the fastest or even the smartest and even the smartest one.
Evolution favors the creatures better adapted to their environment.
That's the only evidence of survival and success.
In the bottom of the ocean, the temperature bacteria that you can survive to the heat of the friends that I would produce, if you were fish there, fish in the cow, yet you've managed to make that a computer environment.
So what does this mean? When we look at what's happening in evolution, and if we go back to thinking about the place of humans in evolution, and in particular, if we look forward to the next phase -- I would say there's a lot of possibilities.
The first is that we don't evolve.
We've reached a kind of balance.
And the underlying reasoning would be that through medicine, first of all, we've been able to preserve a lot of genes that would otherwise have been described and removed from population.
And secondly, as a species, we have confident our environment to adapt to us as well as we adapt to it.
And by the way, we migrate, and we cleaned up, and we encourage so much that no longer is possible to have the isolation necessary for the evolution to happen.
A second possibility is that you produce an evolution of traditional type, nature, tax by the forces of nature.
And the argument here would be, that the gears of evolution roll slowly, but they're unexpected.
And in terms of the isolation: when as a species of different planets are going to exist the isolation and environmental changes that can produce the evolution in natural ways.
But there is a third possibility, an attractive possibility and intriguing and frightening.
The neurologic call, the new evolution, which is not just natural -- but guided and chosen by us as individuals in decisions that we will make.
Now, how could this happen?
How could we get to do this?
We first consider the reality that many people today, in some cultures, are making decisions from their offspring.
In some cultures, they're choosing to have more males than women.
It's not necessarily good for society, but it's what you choose at the individual and family level.
Think of also that if it was possible to be able to choose not just the sex of your offspring, but in your own body making genetic adjustments to cure or prevent diseases.
What if we could make genetic changes to eliminate diabetes or Alzheimer's or reduce the risk of cancer or eliminating the application?
Wouldn't they want to make those changes in their genes.
If we look at the future that kind of changes will be increasingly possible.
The Human Genome Project started in 1990 and took 13 years.
It cost 2.7 billion dollars.
The next year of having finished, in 2004, I could do the same work for 20 million dollars in three or four months.
Today, you can get a complete sequence of the three billion base pairs of the human genome at a cost close to the age of 20,000 and a week.
It's not going to fail so much to make the human genome reality, and it will be more and more at the fingertips of everyone.
You come up with those changes.
The same technology that has produced human insulin in bacteria can make viruses that are not only going to protect us from themselves, but they're going to induce immunity.
Believe or there's no experimental trial in course with the flu vaccine in cells of a tobacco plant.
Can you imagine something good that comes out of the table?
That's reality today and the future is going to be more and more possible.
Imagine then only two little changes?
Can you change the cells of your body, but if you could change the cells of your description?
And if you could change the sperm and the voices, or change the precious form of school, and give your children a better opportunity of a healthier life, eliminate the diabetes, eliminate the hydrocarbon, reduce the risk of cancer?
Who doesn't want any more healthy children?
And then, that same analytical technology, that same motor of science that can produce changes to prevent disease will also allow us to adopt hyper-controlled spreadsheets -- a better memory.
Why not have the rise of a Ken Jennifer on everything if you could increase it with the next generation of the Watson machines?
Why don't you have a concentration muscle faster than it allows us to run faster and faster?
Why not live more time?
This is going to be irrelevant.
And when we are in conditions to pass this to the next generation and we could adopt the attributes that we want to have turned the evolution of before in the neuroscientist.
We're going to take a process that would normally take 100,000 years and we can compress it to 1,000 years and perhaps within the next 100 years.
These are choices that their grandchildren, or the grandchildren of their grandchildren, are going to have in front of them.
Are we going to use these options in terms of a better society, more successful, more consumers."
Or, are we going to choose selectively different attributes that we want for some of us, but not for others?
Are we going to build a society that is more boring and more uniform or more robust and more version?
This is the kind of question we're going to have to face.
And most of all, are we going to be able to develop the wisdom and to inherit the wisdom need to make these decisions successfully?
For good or worse, and before you might think, these choices are going to depend on us.
Thank you.
Imagine a big explosion when you're 900 feet tall.
Imagine a plane full of smoke.
Imagine a engine making click, click, click.
Clinical, click, click, click. Sounds frightening.
Well, I had a single seat that day. I was sitting at the TD.
It was the only one who could talk to flight assistant.
So I immediately looked at them, and they said, "There's no problem. We probably hit some birds."
The pilot had already looked at the airplane, and we weren't so far.
You could see Manhattan.
Two minutes later, three things happened at the same time.
The pilot runs the plane with the Hudson River.
It's generally not the route.
It took the motors off.
Imagine being in a plane and no noise.
And then he said three words.
The three most challenging words I ever heard.
He said, "Prepare for the impact."
I didn't have to speak more with the flight assistant.
I could see it in his eyes.
It was terror. Life ended.
I want to share with you three things I learned about myself that day.
I learned that everything changes in an instant.
We have this list of things to do before we die, these things that we want to do in life, and I thought about all the people I wanted to come in, and I didn't do it, all the fences I wanted to represent, all the experiences I wanted to have and never had.
While I thought about that later. I came up with a sentence, which is, "College wine windows."
Because if the wine is ready, and the person is there, I'm going to open it.
I don't want to apply anything in life.
And that urgency, that purpose, really has changed my life.
The second thing I learned that day -- and this is while we were avoiding George Washington bridge, which was not for much -- I thought of Wow, Rode, I really feel a big person.
I've lived a good life.
In my humanity and my mistakes I've tried to improve in everything I did.
But in my humanity I also give my ego.
And the time I had the time I wasted in things that didn't matter with people who are important.
And I thought about my relationship to my wife, with my friends, with people.
And then as a measure in that, I decided to remove the negative energy of my life.
It's not perfect, but it's much better.
In two years, I haven't had a fight with my wife.
It feels like wonderful.
I don't try to be right. I choose to be happy.
The third thing I learned -- and this is kind of like your mental clock goes down, 15, 14, 13.
You see the water approach.
I'm saying, "Please fly.
I don't want this to break in 20 pieces as you see in those documents.
And as we dropped down, I had the feeling of Ware, dead not fear.
It's almost like we've been preparing for it all our life.
But it was very sad.
I didn't want to go, I love my life.
And that sadness became a single thought, which is, just wish one thing.
I wish I could see my kids grow.
A month later, I was in one performance of my daughter -- first grade, not a lot of artistic talent --   And I scream, cry, like a little one.
And for me, that was all the reason to be the world.
At that point I understood by connecting those two points, that the only thing that matters in my life is to be a big father.
All over all, the only goal I have in life is to be a good father.
I got a miracle, not to die that day.
And I came up with another gift, which was the possibility to look at the future and go back and live in another way.
You guys are flying today, the challenge to imagine that the same thing happens in their plane -- and please don't be like that -- but how do you change?
What would you do, you still expect to do because you think they're going to live forever, right?
How do you change your relationships and negative energy in them?
And most importantly, are the best parents you have?
Thank you.
I've been blessed in life with many amazing projects.
But the most great thing I worked on was this guy.
The guy is called TEDTalk.
TEDTalk was one of the most important graffiti in the '80s.
One day he got to his house after running and said, "Dad, I feel an ant on the legs.
And that was the beginning of ALS.
Today TEDTalks have total paralysis today.
You can only use your eyes.
His job influenced me.
I have a design company and animation, so obviously, graffiti is something that we are embedded that we admire and respect in the art world.
So we decided that we were going to sponsor Tony and TEDTalk, and his cause.
So I went and met her brother and her father and I said, "We're going to give you this money.
What are you going to do with you?"
And his brother said, "I just want to be able to talk to Tony again.
I just want to be able to communicate with him, and he's able to communicate with me."
And I said, "A second is not that I have seen Stephen Hawking, not all people with paralysis can communicate through those applications?
And he said, "No, unless you are somebody important, and you have a very good insurance you can't actually do it.
These devices are not affordable for people."
And I said, "Well, how do you communicate then?"
Does anybody see the movie "The Walk and the marine?
They communicate that way -- they go through the finger.
I said, "That's architect. How can it be?
So I introduced myself with the desire to deliver a check, and instead of it signed a check, I didn't have the least idea of how I was going to cover it.
I committed to her brother and his father there at that price moment, "All right, this is the thing: Tony is going to talk about it, and we're going to build a machine, and we're going to find a way to make her art again.
Because it's ridiculous that somebody who has so much in their interior can't communicate it."
So I talked about a conference a couple months later.
I met these guys called GG: Who has a technology that allows them to project a light in any surface and then with a laser point, draw about that and record negative space.
So they go around making art facilities like this.
All the things that appear. They say, they're part of a cycle of life.
First of all, they start with sexual organs, then with the bad words, then with the Bush attacks, and at the end, people start making art.
But there was always a cycle of life in his presentation.
And so it started the journey.
And about two years later, about a year later, after a lot of organization and a lot of moving things around the way we had achieved a couple of things.
One, we played the doors of the insurance companies and we got a machine so that TEDTalk could communicate -- a machine like Stephen Hawking.
Which was great.
And seriously, it's the most fun thing -- I call it Song because when you talk to your guy, you get an email email of it, and you say, "I don't deserve it. This guy is fantastic."
The other thing we did was bring seven programmers from all over the world -- literally, of all the corners on the planet -- to our house.
My wife, the kids and I, moved to the back of the back and these hackers and programmers and conservatives and analogies took the control of the house.
Many of our friends thought we were doing something completely stupid and that when we returned they would have taken off the walls of the walls and instead would be graduate.
But for two weeks, we went to the Martin Passage -- my son was part of my dog too, and we created this.
It's called Wikipedia School, and you can see the description of it.
They're a couple of ships of cheap sun that we bought in the Martin Beach, some copper wire and Home Department and Radio Shake.
We took a PMS camera, we open it, we put it on a LED light, and now there's a device that is free -- it makes it yourself. We publish the free code -- the software goes down free.
And we create a device that has no limitation at all.
There's no insurance company that says, "No."
There's no hospital that can say "No."
Any person with paralysis today has access to drawing and communicating using only their eyes.
Thank you.
Thank you very much. That was awesome.
So in the end of two weeks, we went back to the TEDx room.
I love this picture because this is the room of another person, and that's his room.
There was all this blue and agriculture during the great opening.
And after more than a year of planning, two weeks of programming -- intensive sessions of all night, Tony came back to draw for the first time in seven years.
And this is a wonderful picture because this is the support system of your life and you're looking through the support system of your life.
We ran the bed so I could see.
And we put a project on a wall of the outside of the hospital.
And he came back to draw for the first time in front of his family and friends -- and they would imagine what was the feeling in the parking feeling.
The funny thing was that we had to irregular in parking so that we felt like we were reading the graffiti as well.
At the end of this, he sent us a email and this was what he said, "This was the first time I drew in seven years.
I felt like I had been under the water, and someone finally came to rescue me and pull me out of there so that I could breathe.
Isn't it wonderful?
In a way, that's our scream of war.
That's what keeps us in motion, developing it.
And we have a long way to remember with this.
It's a cool device, but it's the equivalent of a magic screen.
Somebody with this artistic potential deserves much more.
So we're trying to figure out how to improve it and make it faster and robust.
Since then, we've had all kinds of recognition.
We've gained a lot of prizes.
Remember, it's free, none of us are making money with this.
It all comes out of our own pockets.
Prizes were the guy, "Oh, this is fantastic."
Armstrong tweet something about us, and then, in December, Time magazine recognized us as one of the 50 best inventions of 2010, and it was really great.
The best thing about all of this -- and this is what I ended up closing the circle -- is that in April of this year in the George of MOMA at the Los Angeles there will be an exhibition called "The Cats in the Calts."
And "Art in the Caltech is going to have the best experiments of urban art, Sharina Facebook, CACS.
TEDTalks will be in the show, which is pretty impressive.
So basically this is my idea: if you see something that's not possible, make it possible.
None of what's in this room was possible -- the stage, the computer, the microphone, the School -- nothing was possible at a certain time.
Make it possible -- anything in this room.
I'm not a programmer, I never did anything with hidden recognition technology, just I recognized something and associated with wonderful people to make it happen.
And these are the questions that I want all of us all to do when we get into something we feel like we have to do -- if it's not now, when are I not me, who is that?
Thank you guys.
I've spent the last few years getting in very difficult situations and at the same time a little dangerous.
I went to jail. hard.
I worked on a coal mine -- dangerous.
I filmed in war zones -- difficult and dangerous.
And I spent 30 days eating this -- fun at first, something difficult in the middle, very dangerous at the end.
In fact, in a lot of my career, I have been immersed in horrible appearance situations with the only goal to try to examine social issues in ways that turn up attractive, interesting, and, hopefully analyzing them in a way that they look at and accessible to the audience.
So when I knew that I would come here to make a TEDTalk about the world of brands and the patron I wanted to do something a little different.
So some can have heard it, or not, a couple weeks ago I took an airplane in eBay.
I sent some messages on Facebook, some on Twitter, offered in selling the rights of my TEDTalk name in 2011.
What was the following: "The SSA President Press, my TEDTalk that you have no idea what it is about and on content could explain it in the face, especially if I put it in ridicule to you or your company in doing it.
But he said, it's a very good medical opportunity.
Do you know how many people look at these TEDTalks?
Thank you.
It's a title in progress, by the way.
So I still knew that someone was going to buy the rights of the name.
If you had asked me a year ago, I wouldn't have been able to tell you with certainty.
But in the new film that I'm working on, we looked at the world of marketing, of advertising.
And as I said before, I have gotten into horrible situations in the last few years, but nothing could prepare me, nothing could be anticipated, for something as difficult or as dangerous as entering the rooms with these guys.
You see, I had this idea for a movie.
Morgan Spanish: I want to make a film that deals with the collection of products, marketing and advertising, and that all of the film is funded with collaboration of products, marketing and advertising.
The movie is going to call "The largest movie ever sold."
What happens in "The largest movie ever sold is that everything from top at the bottom, from beginning to end, it has brand images, all the time, from the autonomous that appears before the title, the X brand.
Now this brand, William Statism, the State Center.
These people are going to be associated to the film for freedom.
And so the film explores all this idea. (Music Katahara: is reduced. Is it right.
I'm a round weight. (MR: I just say that. It was more for childhood.
It was "To Ferry. It was always "Television."
But we're not just going to have the pattern of the X brand in the title but we're going to make sure that we are going to make sure that all the categories.
Maybe we sell a shoe and it becomes the most great shoe you ever used.
The most great car that you have led in "The largest movie ever sold selled, the best wheat you have drink, correct of "The largest movie ever sold sell."
Sava Karashav: The idea is then besides showing the brands as part of life, making them finance the film? MS: And I actually showed you the whole process of how it works.
The whole film goal is transparency.
You're going to see the whole process in this movie.
That's the whole idea, all the film -- from beginning to end.
And I would love that ECG helps me make it happen.
Robert French," you know, it's funny because it's the first time I hear that, it's the ultimate respect for the audience.
Guach, though, I don't know how much it is going to be people to that.
RB: You have a perspective. I don't know if you "reliable it is very negative, but you know how it's going to repeat? (Music: How much money makes this thing?
MS: A million and a half -- (2 Kameler," John Kamaras," I think it's going to be hard with them, but that certainly is going to be worth convincing a couple of big brands.
RB: Who knows, maybe for the moment that the movie comes out of us, we see a lot of joy ideas.
MS: What do you think is going to be the answer?
Stuart Rudge: Most answers will be "No."
MS: But will it be hard to sell it, by the film or for me?
JK: Both things.
MS:  means you're not very optimistic.
So do they help me? I need help.
MK: I can help.
MS: All right. (MR: Okay. Awesome.
MK: We have to think about what marks.
MS: Yes. (MR: That's the challenge: When you look at the people you have to deal with.
MK: We have some places where to go. (MR: Okay. Turn the camera.
MS: I thought that came out of the camera meant we have a conversation outside of microphone.
It turns out the camera means "We don't want to know anything about your film.
MS: And so it was, one by one, all these companies suddenly disappeared.
No want to have anything to do with this film.
I was surprised.
They didn't want to know anything about this project.
And I was very impressed -- I thought the concept of advertising, was to present the product to as many people as possible, and make so many people look as possible.
Especially in the world today this intersection of new media and old media and the stage of separate media, isn't the idea to count with that new worthy worthy of attention that is going to bring the message to the masses.
No, that's what I thought.
But the problem was, you see, that my idea had a graphic mistake, and that mistake was this.
There was actually no mistake.
There was no mistake at all.
This would have been fine.
But the problem was what this image represents.
See, when you look for transformation images in Google --   This is one of the first images that they appear.
I like your way to laugh, Sergey Britain. No.
This was the problem: transparency, freedom of simulation or deception -- easily detect or viewed -- easily understandable, that it is characterized by the visibility or information of information, especially in business practice.
You see, we hear a lot about transparency in these days.
Our politicians name, the president name, even the CEOs name it.
But suddenly when it comes to making something change it changes suddenly.
But why? Well, transparency day fear --  -- like that weird bear that still keeps running.
It's impressive.   Like this weird rural path.
And it's also very risky.
What else is that arrest?
Take a whole cup of Coke White.
That's very risky.
When I started talking to companies and telling them that we wanted to tell this story and said, "No, we want a story to tell a story.
We want you to tell a story, but you want to tell your story."
See, when I was a kid, and my father caught me in some lie -- and there he is he looking at me as used to do it, he said, "Son, there are three sides in every story.
It's your story, there's my story, and there's the real story.
As you see, in this film we wanted to tell the real story.
But with just a company, a agency wanting to help me -- and that just because I knew John Bond and Richard Kerry from many years old, I realized I would have to go on my own, I would have to remove the interface and go to companies myself with all my team.
So what I started to warn about -- what I started to realize -- is that when you start to conversation with companies the idea of understanding your brand is a universal problem.
MS: I have friends who make big films, huge movies, giant and others that make small, independent movies, like mine.
And my friends who make Hollywood movies, giant them, say the reason that their films are so successful is due to the associated brands they have.
And then my friends who make independent movies say, "Well, how are we supposed to compete with these big, giant Hollywood movies in the way?
And the movie is called "The largest Film Particular Fold."
How are we going to see Bank specifically in the movie?
Every time I am to go out, every time I open my button, you'll see the Band development.
At any time during an interview with somebody I can say, "Are you okay for this interview for this?"
Are you ready? You see a little nervous.
I want to help you calm you.
Maybe you should get a little bit of this before the interview."
And there was one of these fabulous arms.
Both "Full Full as "Venices of Parashae" -- they're going to have their opportunity.
We're going to have so much for man as to woman, solid -- in the bar, as it is.
That's the general view.
I can answer your questions and give you a profound look.
Karen Frank: We're a small brand.
And similar to the smallest kind of movies you would say, we're rather a rival brand.
So we don't have the budget they have other brands.
So do things like that, you know, remember it to the people is the reason why this interest us.
MS: What words would you use to describe Bank?
Band is in white.
KF: That's a big question.
Woman: Spectrum technology.
MS: Technology is not the way you want to describe something that you put in the airplane.
Man: We talk about something bold -- frankly.
I think it's a great word that actually puts this category in positive positive versus the smell and surgery."
It keeps you.
How do we stay front more time? With better fresh, more stranger, three times easier.
Things like those who restore benefits.
MS: And that's a multi-line company.
What about me? What about a common guy?
I need to talk to the man of the street, people like me, to the people like me.
They have to talk to me about my brand.
MS: How do you define your brand?
Man: Mammallo my brand?
I don't know.
I like a good clothing.
Woman: I will give up the 1980s, patrollowsking pumps unless it is day of landscape.
MS: Okay, what is the Green market?
Germany," something unique -- (MA: A man." Man: I guess the kind of gender, the style that I have would be like a dark glamour."
I like the dark colors, many gray colors and things like this.
Usually I take access like sunglasses, or I like crystals and similar.
Woman: If Dan was a brand could be a classic collectively, Mercedeus Benjamin.
Man 2: The brand I am, I would call it the case flight."
Woman 2: In part here, in part of the particular, in part of the Girl Brownen, I don't know.
Man 3: I'm the kind of magicians.
selling toys for pets in the country and in the world.
So I guess that is my brand.
In my little sector, that's my brand.
Man 4: My brand is FedEx because I deliver the market.
Man 5: March declined market failed.
Is that something?
Laborator: I am a lawyer.
Tom I'm Tom.
MS: Well, we can't all be brand too, but I often rank in the intersection of dark glamour and flight flight."
I realized I needed an expert.
I needed somebody to go into my head, someone who could help me understand what they call the "Arabic personality."
And I found a company called Olland Zalican in Pittsburgh.
They helped companies like Newsape, February, Hallel to discover that personality.
If they could do it for them, they could be able to do it for me.
Abed" suit, right?
MS: Yes. The first photo is a familiar picture.
A: Tell me a little bit about how you relate to your thoughts and feelings your way to be.
MS: These people model my way to look at the world.
A: Tell me about that world.
MS: That world? I think your world is the world where you live -- as people around you, your friends, your family, the way you live your life, the work you do.
All of those things originated and start in a place and in my case, and they start in my family, in West Virginia.
A: What's the next one you want to talk about?
MS: The next one is "This was the best day of my life."
A: How does this relate to your thoughts, feelings and your way to be?
MS: It's like who I'd like to be myself.
I like things different.
I like weird things. I like weird things.
A: Tell me about the "behavior." What does that serve us?
What's the math? What stages of paper are you now?
Why is it important? What is the red represent?
Tell me a little bit about that.
It's not who you are.
What other metaphors have you have?
You don't have to have fear. What kind of mountain Russian are you?
MS: Angeles." AO: Thank you.) No, thank you.
A: Thank you for your patience -- MS: Big job."  AO: Thank you very much. All right.
MS: Yeah, I don't know what's going to come out of this.
There was a lot of crazy crazy in all of this.
Lindareth Zalbirl, the first thing I saw was this idea that there are two different sides, but complex, in your brand personality -- the brand Morgan Spanish is a consumer brand.
They are very well together.
And I think there's almost a paradox.
And I think some companies will only focus on one of their strong dots or the other instead of focusing on both of them.
A lot of companies tend -- and it's human nature, to avoid things that are not sure -- avoid fear, those elements, and you actually give them wired and you get something positive for you, and it's nice to see that.
What other brands are that?
The first here is classic -- Apple.
And you can see it also here to Tarban, Win, mine from mine Cooper and Zebs.
Now there are local markings and conscious brands -- those things that you've gone and come and forth is something pretty powerful.
MS: A feedback brand. What's your brand?
If someone asks you to describe your identity of brand, your personality of brand, what would it be?
Are you an aspiration attention? Are you somebody who makes blood flow?
Or are you more an advance attraction?
A little more calm reserve, restricted, conservation?
And the assistant attributes are like being Francisco as a presentation like El Princeton, contemporary and advertisement or bold like mistakes, Florida or giant, professional, dominant or music like Gandhi.
Or are you more about describe attraction?
Are you conscious, sophisticated as 1957?
Are you stable, traditional product, protection, protection: you identify with Opera?
Are you reliable, stable, family, confident, safe, sacred, controlled or wisdom, like the Dalai Lama or Adore?
In the course of this movie we had more than 500 companies, affordable and descendants who said, "No, don't want to be part of this project.
They didn't want to have anything to do with this movie, mainly because they didn't have control, they wouldn't have control about the final product.
They allowed us to tell the story of neurotransmitter, and we got to tell the story in this movie of how we use magnetic resonance to identify the centers of desire in the brain so much for commercial marketing as for movies.
We went to San Paulo where they have banned the ad in the air.
All over the city for the last five years, there are no valleys, no cards, no wheel, nothing.
And we went to school districts where companies are doing road in schools with liquidity problems in America.
The amazing thing for me is that the projects I've had the biggest answer or the ones I've been more successful are those where I've been interacting with things directly.
And that's what these brands.
They took the interfaces, they took their agencies, and they said, maybe these agencies don't have my best interest in mind.
I'm going to treat directly with the artist.
I'm going to work with him to create something different, something that is going to make people think about the way we look at the world.
And how do you do that? Did they succeed.
Well, since the movie is standing in the Susana Festival, we take a look.
According to Burkers the movie stands in January, and since then -- and this is not all -- we've had 900 million impressions, in the media for this film.
This is just a period of two and a half weeks.
That's just online -- or press, or TV.
The movie is still not distributed yet.
It's still not online. It's not in strategy.
It's not even presented in other countries yet.
Ultimately, this film has already begun to win momentum.
And it's not bad because almost all the agencies we talked about to their customers will not be a part.
I've always believed that if you get wrong, if you take risks, that in those risks there are opportunities.
I think when you take people out of that you're pushing them to failure.
I think when you train your employees in the adventure of the risk you're preparing all your company to lack research.
I feel that what has to happen to progress is that we have to encourage people to risk.
We have to encourage people to be afraid of the opportunities that can scare them.
Ultimately, go forward, I think we need to give it a place to fear.
We have to put that bear in a cage.
Let's take the fear. We bring the risk.
From a card at a time, we have to embrace risk.
And ultimately, we have to harbor transparency.
Today, more than a little bit of honesty is going to take a long way.
And he said this, with honesty and transparency, all of my talk "Africa: "Transformation has been presented by my good IBM friends who by 1970, bought the rights of the name in eBay.
EM: turning big data in large opportunities for companies around the world.
EMM presents "Asteroid the Transformation."
Thank you very much.
June Cohen: So, Morgan -- in the name of transparency, that happened exactly with those 1700?
MS: It's an exceptional question.
In my pocket I have a name of the Matterian organization, the Satah Foundation, a skin for 171 to be applied to my assistance.
The idea behind the Subairian computer worm is actually very simple.
We don't want Iran to get the nuclear bomb.
His biggest active to develop nuclear weapons is the University of Urusuar in National.
The gray boxes you see are systems of control in real time.
If we managed to compromise these systems that control speed and valves and values, we can cause a lot of problems with the centrality.
The gray boxes don't use Windows software -- they're a completely different technology.
But if we managed to put a Window effective virus in a portable computer used by an engineer to trust this gray box, then we're ready.
This is the plan behind Stubbie.
We started with an instantly Windows.
Origin goes into the gray box, damage the centrality, and nuclear program Iranian is demonstrated, completely missing.
It's easy, huh?
I want to tell you how we discovered this.
When we started researching about Stubbie six months ago, the purpose was completely unknown.
The only thing you knew is that it's very, very complex in the Windows part -- the installation used multiple damage vaccinations.
It seemed to do something with these gray boxes, these control systems.
That called us the attention, and we started an experiment in which we infected our environment with Stubbie and we saw what happened with this.
So they spent very strange things.
Steven was behaving as a lab of lab that he didn't like our way: he smelled it, but he didn't want to eat.
I didn't make sense for me.
And after experimenting with different cheese flavors -- I realized, and I thought, "This is a direct attack.
It's completely directly.
The installation is looking at actively in the gray box if you find a specific configuration, and even if the program you're trying to infect is effectively working in that place.
If not, Stewart does nothing.
So that called my attention, and we started working on this almost 24 hours a day, because I thought, "We don't know what the goal is.
It could be, say, for example, a U.S. energy plant, or a chemical plant in Germany.
Better than we discovered the goal soon.
So we extracted and we downloaded the attack code, and we discovered that it was structured in two digital bombs -- a little and a big one.
We also saw that they were armed very professional by people who obviously had all the internal information.
You know all the dots that you can attack.
You probably even know how much the operator.
So you know everything.
And if you've heard the Subairian installation is complex and high technology, let me tell you, load is very complex.
It's very above everything we've seen before.
Here you see a sample of this code code.
We're talking about about 15,000 lines of code.
It looks pretty much the old language language.
I want to tell you how we could find meaning to this code.
What we were looking at was called the system functions of the system, because we know what they do.
Then we looked at temperatures and data structures, and we tried to relate them to the real world, with objective potential of the real world.
We need theories about destinations that we could approve or describe.
To get to the theories of goals, we remember that it's definitely a violent sport, it must be a valuable white, and it's surely located in Iran, because it's where most infections have been represented.
You don't find several thousands of targets in that area.
It basically boils to the nuclear power plant of Bush and the National engineering plant.
So I told my assistant, "Trivial a list of all experts in central central and energy plants between our clients."
He called them and told them in a effort for collecting their experience with what we found in code and data.
And it worked pretty well.
So we could associate the little digital sheep with the control of the robot.
The robot is that mobile part inside the centrality, that black object you see.
If you manage the speed of this robot, you certainly can take it out and even make the central explode.
What we also saw is that the goal of the attack was to make it slow and describe in a obvious effort to go back to the nest maintenance engineers, so that they couldn't solve this quickly.
We tried to decipher the big digital objective looking at the data and their structures.
So for example, the number 164 comes up in that code, you can't obvious.
So I started investigating scientific literature about how these centrality is built in Natasha and found that they're structured in what's called a waterfall and each waterfall contains 164 centrality.
That made sense, there was a coincidence.
And it got better yet.
These centrality in Iran are divided in 15 parts called stages.
And guess what we found in the attack code.
An almost identical structure.
So again, that was a good coincidence.
This gave us a lot of trust to understand what we had between hands.
So there is no manufacturer," it wasn't like this.
The results have been obtained after several weeks of hard work.
We would routinely end up in still streets and we had to go back again.
Yet, we discovered that both digital opinions were pointing to one single and same goal, but from different angle.
The small opinion is taking a waterfall and making the broken role and racing them, and the big bird communicates with six carts and manipulating valves and manipulating valves and manipulating valves.
In smoke, we're very confident that we have determined what the destruction is.
It's Natasha, and it's just National.
We shouldn't worry that other goals are achieved by Stubbie.
Here I show you a few very interesting things that we saw really impressive.
There's the gray box there, and you see the centrality.
What this thing is doing is to intercept the present values of the sensors, for example, pressure sensors and vibration sensors and pre-processing predator code, which still execute during the attack, with fake fake data.
And you believe it or not, these fake data data are programmed by Steven.
It's kind of like the Hollywood movies where, during the robot, the security camera becomes a video of security forest.
Is it great, right?
The idea here is obviously not just to bring the operators in the control room.
It's really much more dangerous and aggressive.
The idea is to bring a digital security system.
We need digital security systems where a human operator couldn't act fast.
For example, in a power plant, when the big steam turbine is worth speed, you have to open up valves in a milliseconds.
Obviously, this can't make it a human operator.
That's where we need digital security systems.
And when they're committed to, then they can spend bad things.
The plant can explode.
And not the operations or the security system will notice it.
That scares that.
But it can be worse.
What I'm going to say is very important.
Think about this. This attack is great.
It has nothing to see, specifically, with centrality, with uranium self-consumption.
It might work too, for example, in a power plant, or in an automotive factory.
It's great.
And you don't have -- and that is going to design this load with a USB key, as we saw in the case of Stubbie.
You could also use conventional technology technology to disseminate it.
I can design it as possible.
And if you did that, with what you would end up with a mass of mass destruction.
That's the consequence we should face.
Unfortunately, the largest number of targets for such attacks is not in the Middle East.
It's in the United States and Japan.
All green areas are spaces with large number of goals.
We need to face the consequences and better we start preparing now.
Thank you.
Chris Anderson: I have a question.
Rally, it has been public in many sides that people assume the Moss is the main amount behind this.
What's your opinion?
Ralph Langley: Okay, do you really want to hear this?
Yeah. Okay.
My opinion is that the Muslim is involved, but the engine is not Israel.
The engine behind this is cyber survival.
There is one sun, and that's the United States, fortunately, fortunately absolutely.
Because otherwise our problems would be even larger.
CA: Thank you for attracting us. Thank you, Rally.
I want you to imagine a robot that you can take and give you super-second skills or another one that makes you use of wheelchair classrooms and go back to walking.
In Berkeley Bionics: we call these robots, executions.
They're not different from something that gets in the morning, it gives you a great force -- that you also increase your speed, and help you, for example, handle balance.
It's actually the true integration of man and machine.
But not only that -- it can integrate and connect it with the universe and with other external ones.
This is not an irreverfy idea.
So to show you now what we're working on to talk about the American soldier that, on average, you have to take over your back, a 45 pounds, and you're demanding to get even more equipment.
Obviously, this leads to some important complications -- injuries in the back, in 30 percent of the soldiers -- with chronic damage damage.
We decided to control this challenge and create an exoskeleton that could help drive the issue.
Let me introduce you with HIV -- or cover Corporation Human Caragers.
Soldier: With HIV exoskeleton I can cover 90 pounds per variable land for many hours.
Their flexible design, allows you to put into classical cultures and execute movements with great agriculture.
It perceives what I want to do, or where I want to go, and then increase my force and my resistance.
Heather Benjampat: We're ready, with our industrial partner to produce this device, this new exoskeleton -- this year.
I mean, it's a reality.
Let's go back now to the users of wheelchair wheelchair -- what I'm particularly passionate about.
There are 68 million people roughly, in wheelchair, around the world.
About one percent of the total population.
And this is a really conservative calculation.
We talk about something that happens with frequency, very young people, with damage in the vertical column that when they start their life -- at the age of 20, 30 or 40 years -- they collide a wall and the wheelchair turns out to be their only choice.
We also talk about the population that makes it multiply quickly.
His only option, many times -- for a brain injury or some other complications -- is the wheelchair chair.
And this has been so over the last 500 years, from its successful appearances, as I should recognize.
So we decided to start writing a new chapter about mobility.
Let me introduce you with the EEG who is using Amanda Boston who 19 years ago had a injury in the vertical column, and as a result, I couldn't go back for 19 years, so far.
Amanda Boston: Thank you.
EB: Amanda is using our ELS, I mentioned.
It has a few sensors.
completely no invasive in the crutches that send signals to the street computer, here in the back.
There are also some batteries that give energy to engines in the hip. And in the knees and they make it progress with this soft and very natural avatar.
AB: I was 24 years at the top of my life when, by a strange jump in the air, running down the bottom was paralyzed.
In a fraction of second, I lost all sensation and all of the movement of the penetration down.
Shortly later, a doctor came into my room in the hospital, and he said, "Marine," you'll never walk again."
That happened 19 years ago.
So I stole up to the last picture of hope of my being.
Adapters technology since then, has allowed me to learn how to get up on the bottom, climbing rocks and even riding hand by hand.
But they haven't invented anything that allowed me to walk, so far.
Thank you.
EB: As you can see, we have the technology, we have the platforms to sit and talk to you.
It's in our hands, and we have all the potential here to change the life to future generations -- not just soldiers, but Amanda and all of the users of wheelchair, everyone.
AB: Thank you.
I just came back from a community that has the secret of human survival.
It's a place where women have the battery, practice sex to say hello and the game is the order of the day -- where fun is serious.
And no, it's not the Aristonic Man Festival or San Francisco.
Ladies and gentlemen, they know their cousins.
This is the world of wild Bonobos in the forests of Congo.
The bonobos are, along with chimpanzees, their closest living relatives, their closest lives.
That means that we all share a common ancestor, an evolutionary grandmother, that lived about six million years ago.
Now, chimps are known for their agriculture.
But unfortunately, we've done too much historically in this aspect in our narrative of human evolution.
But the bonobos show us the other side of the coin.
Whereas chimpanzees are dominated by big guys, attractive, the Bonobo society is in charge of females with power.
These guys have created something special because this leads to a very tolerant society where lethal violence hasn't been observed yet.
But unfortunately, bonobos are the least understood.
They live in the depths of the frozen forest and it has been very difficult to study them.
The Congo is a paradox -- a land of extraordinary biodiversity and beauty, but also the heart of the testing itself -- scenario of a violent conflict that has been protected by decades and caused almost as many deaths as the First World War.
It's not to miss that this destruction also puts the survival of the Bonobo.
The meat meat of hunting and deforestation make you not fill a stadium with the bonobos that are left in the world, and honestly, we're not sure of it.
However, on this land of violence and chaos you can hear the hidden laughter by measuring trees.
Who are these cousins.
We know them as the apes of love, not the war -- because they have a frequent sex and promote and bisexual sex to handle conflicts and solve social problems.
I'm not saying that this is the solution to all problems of humanity because the life of Bonobos is more than the Kansa Surgery.
Bones, like humans, love to play along their entire life.
Play is not just a game of children.
For us and for them, the game is fundamental to establish links and foster tolerance, for us.
With him we learn to trust, and we learn the rules of play.
Play increases creativity and resilience and has to do with the generation of diversity -- diversity of interaction diversity, behavioral diversity, connections of connections.
And when you look at the bone game, you see the same evolutionary roots of laughter and dance and human rituals.
The game is the glue that binds us.
I don't know how you play you, but I want to show you a couple of unique videos taken out of the wild medium.
First of all, it's a nice sound game, and I don't talk about football oil.
Here's a female and a young male in the middle of a perspective.
Look what she is doing.
It could be the evolutionary origin of the phrase, it has the balloon of the balls.
I just think that in this case he loves him, right?
Yes.
So sexual game is common as much as in humans.
And this video is really interesting because it shows -- this video is really interesting because it shows the invention of bringing unusual elements to play -- like the testimonal -- and also how play requires trust and promotes trust -- and at the same time it's the most fun.
But the game is political.
The game is political, it can adopt a lot of ways, some of which are more transparent, imaginations, curious -- maybe the place where the wonder.
And I want you to see -- this is Fungular, a young female, who's playing with water translated.
I think, we sometimes play alone, and we explore the limits of our inner and outside worlds.
And it's that playful curiosity that drives us to explore, and then the unexpected connections that we form are the real seed of creativity.
These are just small samples of understanding that the bonobos give us our past and present.
But they also have a secret for our future, a future where we have to adapt to a increasingly difficult world with greater creativity and greater cooperation.
The secret is that game is the key of these capabilities.
In other words, the game is our adaptation.
To adapt with success to a world that changes we have to play.
But are we going to look at the maximum of our game ability.
The game is not free.
Play is essential.
For the Bonobo and humans alike, life is not just cruel and depressed.
When it seems less appropriate to play, they can be the moments in which it's the most urgent thing.
And so you get primates, we accept this gift of evolution and play together as we rediscover creativity, friendship and wonder.
Thank you.
In New York I'm responsible for development of a nonprofit organization called Robin Houst.
When I'm not fighting poverty, I combat fires as a captain assistant.
And in our city, where volunteers are competing a highly skilled staff, you have to get to the very early fire in order to enter action.
I remember my first fire.
I was the second volunteer in the site, so I had a pretty high probability of anger.
But even so there was a racing career against the other volunteers to get to the captain and figure out what our task was.
When I found the captain -- I was engaged in a conversation with the property that certainly would take one of the worst days of his life.
We were on the middle of the night, she was standing outside in the rain, under a park, and he was down, disappear, while his house was in flames.
The other volunteer that I just arrived before I was -- Look at Lester Luther --  he got first to the captain and he asked him to go into and save the dog of the owner house.
The dog. I was so clear."
There was a lawyer or a management of money that, during the rest of his life, I would have to tell people that I entered a call building to save a living living just because they won me for five seconds.
Well, I was the next one.
The captain made me a passenger.
He said, "Bombers, I need to go into the house.
I need you to go up, go through the fire, and bring this woman a couple of shoes."
I swear it.
It wasn't exactly what I expected but I was -- I went up the stairs, at the end of the hall, went to the actual firemen that that height or less had been finished to shut the fire and went into the fourth room in search of a couple of shoes.
I know what you're thinking, but I'm not a hero.
I took my payload back on the staircase where I met my November and the price dog on the main door.
We took out of the house for the house of house where, as he was waiting home, his team received much more attention than mine.
A few weeks later, the department received a letter of the house of the house being grateful by the effort of the effort to save his home.
The kindness that she looked at about the other thing was that someone had been caught even a couple of shoes.
And so much in my voting in Robin Hood, as in my voting as a volunteer pump I'm witness of generosity and kindness on a monumental scale, but also the acts of grace and courage at the individual level.
And you know what I've learned?
Everything has its importance.
So, when I look at this room to people who have been able to do, or they're going to be able to get out, I would like to remind you this: don't expect.
Don't wait to win the first million to make the difference in somebody's lives.
If you have something to give you right now.
They serve food in a dining dining completely, a penguin park.
Be mentors.
Not every day we're going to have the opportunity to save someone's lives, but every day we're going to be able to influence somebody's lives.
So they enter the game. They save the shoes.
Thank you.
Bruno Giussani: Mark, Mark, return.
Mark Benzey: Thank you.
This may seem strange, but I'm a big fan of concrete block.
The first concrete blocks were made in 1868 with a very simple idea: cement marrow modules that fit each other.
Very quickly, these became the most used construction unit in the world.
They have allowed us to build things larger than us, like buildings or bridges, a brick at a time.
Essentially, these blocks have become the pillars of our time.
Almost a hundred years later, in 1947, LGBT came up with this.
It was called automatic disability.
And in a few years, Leoorportless brick came to all the homes.
It's estimated that there are more than 400 billion or 75 bricks per person on the planet.
You don't have to be engineer to build beautiful bridges, buildings or houses.
LGBT did it accessible.
LGBT simply took the block of concrete, the favorite in the world, and turned it into a fundamental piece of our imagination.
Meanwhile, exactly that same year, in the Bell labs, the next revolution was about to anesthes, the new building block.
The transistor was a small plastic unit that would take us from a world of aesthetic brick landscapes about others to a world where everything was interactive.
Like the concentration block -- the transistor allows to create much greater and more complex circuits -- a brick at a time.
But there's a main difference: The transistor was just for experts.
I personally don't accept it, that the building blocks of our time are reserved to experts, so I decided to change it.
Eight years ago, when I was at the Media Lab, I began to explore the idea of bringing the power of engineers to the hands of artists and designers.
A few years ago, I started developing Lightmen.
I'm going to show you how they work.
Like Lifetime is electronic modules each one with a specific function.
They're predicted to be light, sound, motors and sensors.
And the best thing about everything is that they get interested by images.
So you can't put it wrong.
The bricks have a color code.
The green is the salt, the blue is the current, the pink is the entrance and the orange color is the alarm.
So you just have to assemble a blue with a green and very quickly you can start making bigger circumstances.
A blue with a green will produce light.
We can put a button in the middle and we have a regulator.
If we change the button for a pulse cord, which is here, and now we have an interesting light.
We added this name to create more impact and we have a noise machine.
I'm going to stop this.
So beyond the simple game, Littles are actually very powerful.
Instead of having to program and connect and sunlight, Lifeties allow us to program using intuitive gestures very simple.
To make you faster, or slower or slowly, you just turn this button that makes the pulse faster or slower.
The idea behind Lifeties is that it's a growing collection.
We want all of the interactions in the world to be reduced to ready lifestyles to use.
Luckild, sound, solar panels, motors, everything must be accessible.
We've given Liberia to kids to see them play with them.
And it's been an incredible experience.
The best thing is how you start understanding the electronics of every day that you don't learn in schools.
So for example, how does one light at night, or why the door of a elevator stays open, or how an iPod responds to the touch.
We've also taken Liberian to design schools.
So for example, designers without any electronics in electronics start playing with Libraries like a material.
Here you can see, with paper bottles and filter, we have George creating.
(Music --  A few weeks ago we took Lightmes to the designers of Rhode Island design school designers, who don't have any experience in engineering, just in cardboard and wood and paper and we said, do something.
Here's an example of a project that you've done, a conference of conference activated by movement.
But wait, here comes my favorite project.
It's a language made of plastic that is afraid of darkness.
For these didn't engineers, Lildarters became another material, electronics became another material.
And we want this material to be the mayor of everyone.
So Lightmas has open source.
You can visit the website, download all the design files and manufacture them.
We want to encourage a world of creators and inventors and collaborators because this world that we live, this interactive world, is ours.
So ahead and invented.
Thank you.
I'm going to talk to you today about unexpected discoveries.
I work in the solar technology industry.
And my little company is looking for us to engage with the environment.
The distributed collaboration.
This is a little video of what we do.
Hmm. Wait a moment.
You can take a little bit of cardiologist.
We can continue -- we can continue to leave the video on one side.
No.
This is not.
All right.
Solar technology is.
Oh, do you have the time of time?
All right. Thank you very much.
A couple of years ago, he launched an initiative to recruit the best designers and techniques to take a year and work in an environment that represents almost everything that they are supposed to do, we asked them to work in government.
The initiative was called "Edit Forest American and they would be like a Peace Center for technology.
We selected some members every year, and we put them to work with the music.
Instead of sending them to the Third World we send them to the management world.
They made great applications -- they worked with municipal employees.
His task is to show the possibilities of current technology.
They know A.
A hydrogen in Boston City.
So here it appears as if I would look for a quote, but what really looks for is someone clean it down by the snow because you know it's not very good at catching fires when it's covered by a meter of snow.
How did you get to ask for help like this significant?
Last year in Boston we had a team of "Conflict Forest America."
They were there in February, and at that time I had a lot of last year.
They realized that the city never clean these hydrogen.
But one of the members called Erik Wikipedia noticed something else, that citizens cleaned up with sticks right in front of them.
So he did as any good programmer, developed an app.
It's a nice application where you can adopt a hydrogen.
You accept to clean it up when it snow.
When you do that, you put a name, in this case all the time.
If you don't do it, somebody can robot.
I mean, it has a playful component.
It's a modest app.
Maybe it's the smallest of the 21 programmed applications last year.
But something that no other technology of government can do.
And it spreads in viral form.
A responsible responsible of the city of Honolulu, when you see this app realized that I could use it, not for snow, but for citizens to adopt tsunami.
It's very important that these tsunami servers work, but people are stealing the batteries.
That's why I ask citizens to control them.
And then Seattle decided to use it to get the citizens to wake up the sports deposit.
And Chicago just launched it to make people record to clean sidewalks when they snow.
So now we know nine cities that plan use it.
And this has been spread without friction and organic and natural ways.
If you know a little bit of government technology you'll know that this doesn't normally happen.
software acquisition usually takes a couple of years.
Last year in Boston we had a team working on a project that required three people for two and a half months.
It was a tool for parents to choose the best public school for their children.
Then they told us that we have done it by the normal channels would have taken at least two years and cost about two million dollars.
And that's not anything.
Now there is a project in the judicial power of California that until the moment has cost 2,000 billion dollars and doesn't work.
And there are projects like this in every level of government.
So an app that is programmed in a couple days and spread in viral form is a kind of admit of warning to the institution of the government.
It suggests the best ways to work, not like private companies, like a lot of people think that it should be.
Nor as a technological company, but rather like the Internet itself.
That is, without restrictions in open and generative form.
And that's important.
But the most important thing about this app is that it represents the way to address the question of the government that has new generation, not as a problem of an accurate institution but as a collective action problem.
And that's really good because it turns out that we're very good for collective action with digital technology.
And there's a very large community of people who are building the tools for us to work together with efficacy.
And it's not only "Edible for American, but there are hundreds of people around the country that contribute to civic applications every day in their own communities.
They haven't been given by the government.
They feel a great frustration before that, but they don't complain it, they fix it.
And these people know something we've lost from view.
And it is that if we leave the feelings about politics, the row at the DM: (Audience artist, and all of those other things that you get crazy, the government is essentially in the words of Tim Ostopnost: "What we put together because we can only not can."
Now, a lot of people have dropped the government.
If you are one of those people, I would ask you to remember it, because things are changing.
Politics doesn't change. government itself.
And given that the government ultimately comes from us -- remember that of us, the people? The way to think about it to produce the change of change.
I didn't know a lot of government when I started with this.
And as a lot of people thought that the government is to choose people to occupy charges.
Well, after two years I've come to the conclusion that the government is, especially of architects.
This is the center of television phone care and information.
It's the place that takes the calls if you brand 31 in the U.S.
Scott landed this call.
English Zachield in the official knowledge base.
I found nothing. It started with animal control.
And finally he said, "Hey, can you open the doors in the house, put music good music and see if you go?
And it worked. So well for Scott.
But that wasn't the end of the strains.
Boston doesn't have a call center.
It has an app and web and mobile called Citizens Connectivity."
We don't program that application.
It was the very smart people of the New York University of University in Boston.
One day, this really happened, comes up with this period, "The Zachield in my garbage cube. I don't know if he's dead.
How do I do to carry?
City Container dynamics is different.
Scott was talking in person.
In Citizens Connecticut everything is public, so everybody can see this.
In this case, I saw it a neighbor.
The next report said, "I got close to the place, I found the garbage cube behind the house.
Zachier? Yeah? Lives? Yes.
I turned the cube. I went home.
Good night, saving agriculture."
Pretty simple.
This is great. It's the conflict of digital and physics.
And it's also a great example of government income to distributed voluntary collaboration.
But it's also a great example of government as a platform.
And here I don't necessarily mean the technology of platform technology.
I talk about a platform so that people are authorized and help others.
So a citizen helped another but here the government had a key role.
He connected to two people.
And it could have connected to the government services of being necessary, but the neighbor is a better alternative and cheaper than government services.
When a neighbor helps another, we strengthen communities.
If we call control of animals, that costs a lot of money.
One important thing we have to think about the government is that it's not the same as politics.
A lot of people understand it, but think that one is the entrance of the other.
That our entry to the government system is the vote.
How many times have they chosen a political leader sometimes we spend a lot of energy to choose a new political leader and then hope that government reflects our values and satisfy our needs, but then we don't see changes.
That's because the government is like an immense ocean and politics is the surface layer of 15 centimeters, the super-scale layer.
The bottom is what we call business.
And we say that word with a lot of descent.
But it's that description that keeps us that we finance as something that operates in our contract, that other thing, and we are losing power.
People think politics is sensitive.
If we want this institution to work, we will have to make the bureaucracy sensitive.
Because that's where the real government is happening.
We have to collaborate with government machinery.
That makes the Oklahoma movement.
Have you seen it?
It's a group of concerned citizens that have written a very detailed report of 125 pages in response to the request of the SETI (Audience: about the financial reform.
That's not political activism -- it's bureaucratic activity.
And for those of us who have resigned the government, it's time that we ask ourselves what world we want to leave our children.
You have to see the enormous challenges that they will have to face.
Do you really think that we have to go where we have to go without solving the institution that can act in behalf of all?
We can't get government from government, we need it to be more effective.
The good news is that with technology is possible to rethink the function of governance so that it can expand to civil society.
There is a generation that grew up with the Internet and knows that it's not so hard to act in a manifestation, just to articulate the systems in the right way.
The age of the age of our members is 28 years, so I am a greater generation than many of them.
This is a generation that has grown up taking the word and giving that almost for granted.
They're not giving that battle that we all face who is going to talk about who they're all going to talk about.
They can express their opinions in any channel at the same time and they do.
So when you face the government problem you don't care a lot about making your voices heard.
They're using the hands.
They put hands to the work to program applications that make the government better.
And those applications allow us to use hands to improve our communities.
It can be cleaning a hyperbole, taking weeds up, dumping a garbage cube that has a right inside of it.
Of course, we always could have cleaned those hydrogen and a lot of people do.
But these applications are as digital reminder that we're not only consumers -- we're not only consumers of government that we pay taxes, and we get services.
We're more than that, we're citizens.
And we're not going to fix the government until we don't fix the city.
So I want to ask all the present, when it comes to the important things that we have to do together, all together, will we be a voter crowd, or will we also be a multiple of hands?
Thank you.
This is for me a real honor.
I have spent most of the time in prisons, prisons and death correct.
I've spent most of my life in marginal communities, in projects and places where there's a lot of despair.
And I'll be here at TED watching and hearing these stimuli has given me a lot of energy.
One of the things I've noticed in this short time, is that TED has identity.
And the things that are told here has impact around the world.
In occasion, if something comes from TED, it has a sense and a force that wouldn't have any other way.
I mean, because I think identity is truly important.
So we've seen fantastic presentations here.
And I think we've learned that words of a teacher can make a lot of sense, but if you teach them with feeling, you can have special meaning.
A doctor can do good things, I mean, if it's cartilation, it can achieve much more.
So I want to talk about the power of identity.
I didn't really learn this in the practice of the right, my work.
I learned from my grandmother.
I grew up in a traditional house of an American family dominated by a marriage, which was my grandmother.
It was hard, it was strong, it had power.
It was the last word in everything in the family.
She started a lot of the decisions in our home.
It was a daughter of people who had been slaves.
His parents were born in slavery in Virginia about 1840.
She was born over the 1880s, and his experience with slavery made the way it sees the world.
She was hard, but he was also amazing.
When I was a little bit and I looked at it, she came up to me and gave me a good hug.
It was so strong that I could barely breathe and then blow me.
One or two hours later, I went back to look at it, and I was like, "Brand, still feel my abrail?
And if I said no, I would grab myself again, and if I said yes, I was left in peace.
It had this human quality that made you always want to be close to it.
The only problem is I had 10 children.
My mother was the age of 10.
In occasion, when I was going to spend a time with her, it wasn't easy to capture his time and his attention.
My cousins were running everywhere.
I remember when I was eight or nine years old, I woke up one morning, I went into the room and there were all my cousins.
My grandmother was on the other side of the room and I looked at me.
I thought it was a game.
And then I looked at it and I smile, but she was very serious.
After 15 or 20 minutes, she got up, pulled the room, took me out of my hand and said, "Come Brazil. We are going to be considered.
I remember this as if it was yesterday.
I'll never forget it.
He took me out and said, "Brane, I'll tell you something, but you can't tell anyone.
I said, "Okay, Mama.
She said, "Now you don't do it." I said, "Sure."
Then I sat down, and he looked at me, and he said, "I want you to know I've been looking at you."
And he said, "I think you're special.
He said, "I think you can do what you want.
I'll never forget it.
Then he said, "I just want you to promise me three things, Brazil.
I said, "Sea, Mama.
And he said, "The first thing I want you to promise me is you always want your mother."
He said, "She is my daughter, and you have to promise me that always care her."
As I loved my mom, I said, "Yes, Mom, I'll do it."
And then he said, "The second thing I want you to promise me is that you will always be able to do the right thing if the right thing is harder."
I thought it and I said, "Yes, Mom, I'll do it."
Then finally he said, "The third thing I want you to promise me is that you will never drink alcohol.
I was nine years old, and I said, "Yes, Mom, I'll do it."
I grew up in the field, in the rural South, I have a brother a year older and a sister a year less.
When I was 14 or 15, one day my brother came home with a six beer package -- I don't know where I was doing, I grabbed my sister and me and went for the forest.
We just got to do the usual computers.
He took a beer of beer, he offered my sister, she took a little bit and offered me to me.
I said, "No, no, no. Okay. You go, but I'm not going to take beer.
My brother said, "Come on. Today we do it. And you always do the same thing as us.
I took something, your sister too. Take a beer.
I said, "No." I wouldn't feel good. You can follow it.
Then my brother looked at me.
And he said, "What happens? Take a commercially."
It took me out of my gaze and said, "Oh, it's not going to be that you're still thinking about the conversation with Mama.
I said, "But what are you talking about?
He said, "Mame tells all the grandchildren that are special.
I was seeing.
I have to admit something to you.
I'll tell you something that probably shouldn't say.
I know this will be widely spreading.
But I'm 52 years old, and I can admit that I've never taken a drop of alcohol.
I'm not saying this is a virtual thing. I say it for the power that identity.
When we create the right kind of identity, we say things to others that really don't see it.
We can't get them to do things that don't believe to do.
I think my grandmother naturally believed that all his grandchildren were special.
My grandfather had been prey during the ban profile.
My uncle died from diseases related to alcohol.
And these were the things that we did, and we should commit us.
Now, trying to talk about our criminal justice system.
This country is very different than what was 40 years ago.
In 1972, there were 300,000 prisoners.
There are 2.3 million.
In America, we have the largest incarceration rate in the world.
We have seven million people in conventional freedom.
And this massive incarceration, in my opinion, has fundamentally changed our world.
In poor or black communities, it's so much design, so much despair -- determined by these facts.
One of three black black between the 18 and 30 years is in prison or in parole.
In urban communities across the country, Los Angeles, Philadelphia, Baltimore Washington, from 50 to 60 percent of all color people are in prison or conventional freedom.
Our system is not just distorted in front of the race, it's also about poverty.
In this country, we have a court system that is much better if you're rich and guilty than if you're poor and innocent.
It's not cultural, but wealth that leads the results.
And it looks like we feel very quiet.
fear policy and force makes us believe that these are not ours.
We're discovered.
I find it interesting.
We're looking at our work some pretty curious development.
In my state, in Alabama, as well as in other states, you grow you from right for always if you have a criminal condition.
Right now in Alabama, 34 percent of the black male population has lost definitely the right to vote.
And if we project it over the next 10 years, the level of waste loss will be as removed as before they were going to get the law on the right to vote.
We have this amazing silence.
I represent children.
Many of my clients are very young.
The United States is the only country in the world where you feel about 13 years to die in prison.
We have in this prison country for children, no chance to go out.
Right now we're in the process of some litigation now.
The only country in the world.
It represents people in the corridors of death.
This issue of death penalty is interesting.
In a sense, have you been taught to think that the final question is, people deserve to die by commissioner crimes?
A very sensitive question.
But you can think of another way about how we are in our identity.
There's another way to look at it, it's not about deciding whether people deserve to die by the committed crimes, but if we deserve to kill us.
This is interesting.
The death penalty in America is defined by mistake.
In every nine people executed, it's identified one that is innocent that is expressed and released from death correct.
A error rate, amazing -- an innocent of every nine.
This is interesting.
In aviation they wouldn't be allowed to be allowed if in every nine they would go off, you would have been started.
But somehow we get rid of the problem.
It's not our problem.
It's not our charge.
It's not our struggle.
I talk a lot about these things.
I talk about race and this issue of if we deserve to kill.
It's interesting that in my classes with African-American history, I talk about slavery.
I talk to you about terrorism, the time I started at the end of the rebuilding and it lasted to World War II.
We really don't know much about this.
But for black Americans in this country, it was a little bit defined by terror.
In many communities, people were afraid of being linked.
I worried about being pool.
The threat threat was what defined their lives.
Now there are older people who come up to me, and they say, "Mr. Stevenson, you decide to talk to them, make speeches -- I give people who stop saying that in our history we led for the first time with terrorism, after 9/11.
They ask me to say, "No. Say we grew up with that."
The age of the terrorist continues, obviously, with segregation and decades of racial and separation.
In this country, we have a dynamic that we don't like to talk about our problems.
We don't like to talk about our story.
And that's why we haven't understood what we historically have done.
All the time we collide each other.
We constantly create tensions and conflict.
It costs us work to talk about races, I think it's because we're not willing to engage with a process of truth and reconciliation.
In South Africa, people understood that you couldn't overcome racial segregated without a commitment with truth and reconciliation.
In Rwanda, even before the genocide had this commitment, but in this country, we haven't done it.
I was in Germany giving lectures about death penis.
It was fascinating because one of the teachers stood after my presentation and said, "You know that's okay to listen to what you say.
He said, "We don't have a death penalty in Germany.
We will never be able to have it here."
The room was left in silence and a lady said, "There's no way that with our story, we could never get into the systematic death of human beings.
It would be irrational that we, intentional and deliberately -- we were going to run people executed."
Reference about this.
How do we feel in a world where a nation like Germany, would play people, especially if they were mostly mostly?
We couldn't tolerate it.
It would be irrelevant.
And yet, there is this disconnection.
I think our identity is in danger.
If we don't really care about these difficult issues, positive and wonderful things are, however, implemented and wonderful.
We love innovation.
It fascinated us technology. We worship creativity.
We love entertainment.
But lately those realities are excited by suffering, abuse, degradation. Marginalization.
In my view, you need to integrate both things.
Last we talk about the need to have more hope, more engagement, more dedication with the basic challenges of the life of this complex world.
I think that means to spend more time thinking and talking about the poor, the windows, those who will never come to TED.
Think about them is, in a way, something that's within our being.
It's true that we have to believe in issues that we haven't seen.
That's how we are -- despite being so rational, so committed to the intellectual thing.
The development comes not only from brain ideas.
These things come from food ideas also by the conventions of the heart.
This connection of the mind with the heart is what drives us to look not only in the brilliant and unlessed, but also the dark and the hard.
Valley Handel, the great boy leader, talked about this.
He said, "When we were in East Europe suffering the oppression -- we wanted all sorts of things, but mainly what we needed was hope, orientation for the spirit, a willingness to be in supply sites and be testing."
Well, that orientation for the spirit is practically in the heart of what I think -- that even in communities like TED, should commit us.
There is no disconnect related to technology and design, which allows us to be truly human if we don't lend attention to poverty, to exclusion.
Now I want to warn you that these thoughts make a much more challenging identity than if we ignore these things.
Let's find them.
I had the big privilege being a very young lawyer to meet Rosa Park.
These women come together just to speak.
Occasionally, Mr. Alligator called me, to say, "Bragger," comes the Mrs. We're going to meet to speak.
Do you want to come and listen to me?"
I said, "Be lady. I know I do."
So she said, "Well, and what do you do when you come from?"
I would say, "Let's hear them."
So I went and just listened to them.
It was very very very smart, very illuminated.
And in one occasion, I was there, listening to these ladies, and after a couple of hours, Mrs. Parks went to me and said, "Now, Brazil, tell me it's that idea of equal justice.
Tell me what you're trying to do."
And I started giving my speech.
I said, "Well, we're trying to question individuality.
We try to help those who have been convicted insulin.
We tried to confront the prejudice and discrimination in the administration of criminal justice.
We try to end with the senses of life, without parole.
We're trying to do something about death penalty training.
We try to reduce the population in jail.
We try to end massive crazy?
I gave him all my best speech, and I ended up looked at me and said, "The German Memory Memo."
And he said, "It will be absolutely absolutely absolutely absolutely.
At that time, Ms. Carrier leaned up, put my finger in the face and said, "This is why you have to be very very valuable."
I think actually, the TED community has to be much more valuable.
We have to find a way to tackle those challenges, those problems, that suffering.
Because finally humanity depends on compassion by others.
I've learned some very simple things in my work.
I've been educated in simple things.
I've come to understand and to believe that each of us is higher to the worst thing we have made.
I think that's true for everybody on the planet.
I'm convinced if somebody says a lie, it's not because it's a liar.
I'm sure if someone takes something that doesn't belong, it doesn't be a leader.
Even if someone kills another, it's not that it's a murderer person.
And so I think there's a basic dignity in people who must be respected by law.
I also believe that in many parts of this country, and certainly in many parts of the world, the opposite of poverty is not wealth.
This is not.
I really think that in many parts of poverty is justice.
And finally, I think that even though it's very dramatic -- very beautiful, very illuminated, very stimulating, we're not going to judge for our technology, for our designs, not by our intellectual or rational ability.
At the end of the day, the character of a society, not by the way they treat rich and powerful and privilege, but by the way they treat the poor, the conditions, the prey.
Because it's in this context as we start to understand really profound issues about what we are.
I feel slightly despired. I'm going to end with a story.
Sometimes I do too much force.
I was tired, like everyone.
Sometimes those ideas go beyond my reasoning in a major way.
I've been representing these guys who have been sentenced with a lot of difference.
I go to jail and I see my 13-year-old customers and 14 years old, which have been talked to them to judge them as adults.
And I start thinking, how can it be?
How can a judge convert someone in what isn't it?
The judge was released as an adult, but I see a child.
A night too late I was awake. For God, if the judge can become something you don't are, it must have magical powers.
Yes, Brazil, the judge has magical powers.
You should ask some of that.
As it was too late, I couldn't think properly, but I started working on a motivation.
I had a 14-year-old customer, a little bit, poor black.
I started working on the motor, with a collection that said, "Movi so that my 14 year-old black client is treated like a 75-percent privileged white of a corporate of a corporate."
In the location there was there that there had been behavior in the accident, in the behavior of the police and in the process.
There was a bold line about how in this country there is no ethical line, but a whole lack of ethics.
In the next morning, I woke up to me thinking that inspiring mechanism would be a dream, or did it really write it?
For my horror, not only had I done it, but he had sent it to the court.
About two months, I had forgotten it.
And I finally decided --  God, I have to go to court for this stupid case.
I got up to the car and I felt really overwhelmed.
I went into the car car.
I thought this would be very difficult and penicillate.
I finally went out of the car. He walked to court.
I was coming up the stairs when I met a major black man, it was the conservation of the game.
When he saw me, he came up to me and said, "Who is you?"
I said, "I'm a lab." He said, "Are you abundant? I said yes.
And then it came to me and hug me.
And I got stuck in the ear.
He said, "I'm proud of you."
I have to tell you now that that was very very close.
That was deeply connected with my interior, with my identity with the ability that we all have to contribute to the community with a vision of hope.
Well, I went into the audience room.
When I walked in, the judge saw me.
He said, "Mr. Stevenson, you wrote this wife motor?"
I said, "Yes, Mr. I went me." And we started to discuss it.
People started coming in. They were all indicated.
I was the one who had written those madness.
They got the police physics and the autonomous schemes.
Suddenly, without knowing how, the room was full of people -- all functions because we were talking about reasons, because we talked about poverty, because we talked about inequality.
With the eye of the eye I was able to see the advice I went and came to it.
I looked through the window, and I reached all that graph.
I kept walking up and there.
Finally, this old black one black face, I walked into the room and sat behind me, almost on the lawyers.
About 10 minutes later, the judge wrote a recession.
During the descend of the salary of the salary, he showed up, because the conservation had entered the room.
The assistant.
And he said, "Mimmer, what do you do in the audience room.
And the old black black stood up, looked at the assistant and looked at me and said, "I entered this audience room to tell this young man who kept his view in the goal with stranger."
I've come to TED because I think many of you understand that the moral arc of the universe is very big, but it folds towards justice.
That we can't be truly evolved if we don't care about human rights and for dignity.
Our survival.
That our visions of technology, design and entertainment and creativity must be achieved to fragile, compassion and justice.
And above all, those of the ones that share this, simply I want to tell you that they keep the view in the target with stranger.
Thank you very much.
Chris Anderson: You just heard and see an obvious desire of the audience, from this community, to help in your purposes.
Something that's not a crash. What can we do?
BG: There are several closest opportunities.
If you live in the state of California, for example, there will be a spring this spring, where you have a effort to bring the funds that you spend today in punishment policy.
For example, here in California, it's going to spend a billion dollars on death penalty in the next five years.
And despite this, 46 percent of homicide cases don't focus on arrested.
Fifty percent of the violence doesn't get to anything.
Here's an opportunity of change.
This referendum is going to propose that these funds are destroyed to make the law, to security.
I think there's a very close opportunity.
CA: There's been a huge decline in the criminal in the United States, in the last three decades.
Part of the explanation, it says it has to do with the largest incarceration rate.
What would you say that you think that is?
BG: Actually, the rate of creativity with violence has remained relatively stable.
The great growth in mass incarceration in this country is not by crimes with violence.
It's by the wrong war against drugs.
That's why this dramatic increase arises in the prison population.
And we let ourselves become the rhetoric of the punishment.
We have three legal causes to bring people into the perpetual chain, to steal a bicycle, by small crimes against property, rather than making them break those resources to their victims.
I think we have to do more to help victims of crime and not less.
It seems to me that our current philosophy on the punishment does nothing for anyone.
I think that's the orientation that has to change.
CA: Brazil, you have been excited today here.
You're very inspiring.
Thank you so much for having come to TED. Thank you.
Locker: They grow up the threats by Bin Laden's death.
Lock 2: Hamburg in Somalia, Lock 3: The police throw pepper gas.
Lock four: Department Cartes. Lock 5: Crucial Christophers."
Lock 7: Social decision. Local seat: 65 dead.
Lock 8: All of the tsunami, Lock 9: Citizens.
Several locals: War to the nerve. mass destruction, tornot.
Recent. Bank. (Music Judaism. Egypt.
Crisis. death, disaster.
Oh, my God.
Peter Diamanda: These are just some of the clips that I got in the last six months -- they could probably be the last six days or the last six years.
The idea is that press media prefer to provide us negative news because our minds pay attention to them.
And that responds to a very good reason.
In every second of every day, our senses get a lot more data than probably the brain can process.
And as nothing matters us to survive, the first standing of all of those data is an ancient fragment of the temporal lobe called a magnetic.
The amygdala is our early warning detector, the danger detector.
Order and records all of the information looking for something in the environment that could make us harm.
So about a dozen stories we will prefer to look at the negative.
That old report of the press, "If there is blood blood, it is very true.
And since all digital devices give us negative news the seven days of the week, 24 hours a day, it's not to extract that we are pessimistic.
It doesn't surprise that people think the world is worth of bad.
But maybe it's not like this.
Maybe instead what's really happening is that we get distances.
Perhaps the enormous progress done in the last century for a series of forces is accelerating so that we have the potential to create a world of abundance in the next three decades.
I'm not saying that we don't have our good problems -- climate change, species extinction -- the water of water and energy, certainly we have.
As human beings are very good at embracing problems, and in the long, we ended up with them.
We analyzed what happened in the last century to see where we go.
In the last hundred years, the average of life has been more than doubled -- the average income per capita adjusted by inflation has been tripled around the world.
Child mortality has reduced 10 times.
Also, the cost of food, of electricity, transportation and communication, has fallen 10 to 1,000 times.
Steve Piano showed us that we're living the most peaceful of human history.
And Charles Kennedy that global literacy went from 25 percent to more than 80 percent in the last 130 years.
We're really living a little extraordinary time.
A lot of people forget it.
And we keep putting higher and higher expectations.
In fact, we redefine the meaning of poverty.
Think about it, today in America, much of the people who live under the poverty line have electricity, water, bats, refugees, television, mobile air, air and cars.
The magnets of the last century of the past century, the planets on the planet would never have dreamed with such luxury.
By supporting a lot of this is technology, and lately its exponential growth.
My good friend Ray Kurzweil showed that any tool that lies in the technology of the data in this curve, the Moore's Law, and double the price performance in about 12 to 24 months.
And so the mobile phone that you have in the pocket is a million times cheaper and a thousand times faster than a supercomputer in the '70s.
Now look at this curve.
It's Moore's Law for the last hundred years.
I want you to look at two things in this curve.
First of all, it sounds like it is -- in good and bad times, in war and peace, in recession and depression and architect.
It's the result of quick computers used to build faster computers.
It doesn't stop before any big challenges.
And although it's graduated in a law on the left, it turns up goes up.
The growth rate of technology is itself faster and faster.
And in this curve, in the Moran Law hospitals, there is a series of extraordinarily powerful technologies that we have today.
The computation in the cloud, that my friends from Autoshique call infinite computing, sensors and networks, robotics, 3D printing and their ability to democratize and distribute personalized production across the planet, synthetic biology, fuel, vaccines and food, digital medicine, nanometers and A.I.
I mean, how many of you saw the victory in "Jeopardy" from Watson, from IBM:
It was style.
I looked at the newspapers the best headline that I would have.
And I loved this: Watson comes to human opportunities."
"Jeopardy" is not a easy game.
It plays with the mathematics of human language.
Imagine this artificial intelligence in the cloud, available for everyone in the phone.
Four years ago, here at TED, Ray Kurzweil and I, we launched a new university called Silver University, called Silver University.
We taught these technologies to our students, and in particular, how they can use to solve the great challenges of humanity.
And every year we asked them to launch a company, or a product or service that can potentially affect the lives of a billion people in a decade.
Think about that, the fact that a group of students today can impact the life of a billion people.
Thirty years ago, that would have sound absurd.
Today we can point out a dozen companies that have already done it.
When I think about creating abundance -- it doesn't mean creating luxury life for every habitat on the planet, it's about creating a life of the possible.
It's about taking that that's scarce, and it is going to go back it.
You see, scarcity is contextual and technology is a force that releases resources.
I'll give you an example.
It's a story of Naplan II of the 1900s.
He's the guy on the left.
He invited the king of Simon.
The troops of Napoleon ate with silver covered covered and the same Napardool, with gold.
But the king of Simon, ate with aluminum cultures.
You see, the aluminum was the most valuable metal on the planet -- value more than gold and plastic.
For that reason, the Washington tip tip to Washington is alien.
You see, although the aluminum is 8,300 percent of the mass on Earth, it doesn't come as a pure metal person.
It's bound by oxygen and symptoms.
But then he got the electronics and made the aluminum something so cheap that we use it as if it was described.
Let's project this analogy to the future.
Let's think about energy scarcity.
Ladies and gentlemen, we're on a planet based by 5,000 times more energy than we use in a year.
They get to the Earth 16 terabytes of energy every 18 minutes.
It's not about school, but accessible.
And there are good news.
This year, for the first time, the cost of solar energy in India is 50 percent less than the one of the generation for saving: eight rupees versus 17 rupees.
The cost of solar energy fell 50 percent last year.
Last month, the MIT published a study that shows that at the end of the decade, in the sunny parts of the United States, the solar electricity will cost six cents the kilogram per hour compared to the 15 cents of national average.
And if we have energy abundance we also have water abundance too.
Let's talk about wars in the water.
Do you remember when Carl Santa pointed up the Voyager spacecraft of the Earth to the Earth, in 1990, later that happened?
It took a famous picture. How did it go?
"A pale blue dot.
Because we live on a planet of water.
We live on a planet covered by 70 percent water.
Yes, 77 percent is saltwater, two percent is ice, and we fight for a percent of the water on the planet, but here's a hope.
It's a technology available not in 10 or 20 years, but right now.
It comes the nanotechnology, the nanomachies.
In a conversation with Dean Kamen this morning, one of the innovative innovators of the bright -- I would like to share with you, and I would like to share with you, and he gave me permission to do it, his technology called Slimpse -- is the size of a small refrigerator.
It's able to generate a thousand liters of drinking water on the day of any source -- salt water, contaminated water, a latrine. For less than two cents the gallon.
The president of Coca-Cola just agreed to make an important test of hundreds of these units in the developing world.
If that comes out right, and I have confidence that it will be, Coca-Cola will implement it in 2006 countries on the planet.
This is an innovation that is powered by this technology that there is today.
And we've seen it on the mobile phones.
My God, we're going to get to 70 percent penetration of mobile phones in the developing world.
Think about it, that massive warrior has better mobile communications in the middle of Kenya than President Reagan 25 years ago.
And to have a smart cell with Google, it has access to more knowledge and information than President Clinton 15 years ago.
It lives in a world of information and communications that nobody could have ever predicted before.
And better than that, the things that you and I have paid tens and hundreds of thousands of dollars -- GPS, video, images, libraries of books and music -- medical diagnostic technology -- now they democratize and lose market value with mobile phones.
Maybe the best thing comes up with is the health applications.
Last month, I had the pleasure to announce the William Foundation something called the X Terminal William William Classic Prize of 10 million dollars.
We're challenging the teams in the world so that they combine these technologies in a mobile device with which they talk, and because it has A.I. they can take blood out of the finger.
To win it has to make better diagnosis than a certified medical team.
Imagine this in the middle of the developing world in which there are no doctors, where the death load is 25 percent and there are 1.3 percent workers of health.
When this device sequence a virus of RNA or DNA that doesn't recognize at the end of the health, and first of all, prevent the pandemic happening.
But this is the biggest force to produce a world of abundance.
I call it the billions.
The white lines here are the population.
We had just gone through the seven billion brand billion.
By the way, the best protection against demographic explosion is to give the world of education and health.
In 2010, we had less than two billion people online, connected.
By 2020, it will go from two billion to five billion Internet users.
Three billion minds never before the global conversation.
What do you want these people?
What are you going to do? What want you to have?
And instead of an economic collapse, we will have the largest economic injection in history.
These people represent tens of billions of dollars injected in the global economy.
And they will get more health thanks to the Triba, from a better education with the Khan Academy and because of the use of 3D printing and computation in the cloud will be more productive than ever before.
What can us provide us three billion more human health and educated and productive health.
How about a few voices never before?
What if we give the oppressed. Where are they a voice to be heard and can act for the first time?
What will these 3,000 billion do?
And if they're contributions that we can't predict in?
One thing that I learned with the X Prize is that small equipment, guided by their passion with a clear goal, can do extraordinary things, things that before only could make great corporations and governments.
I'm going to end up sharing a story that really excites me.
There's a program that maybe some already know.
It's called Folder.
I came up at the University of Washington, in Seattle.
It's a game where people can take a sequence of amino amino and figure out how to fold the protein.
The folds determine the structure and the functionality.
It's very important in medical research.
And so far, it was a supercomputer problem.
They've played with these college professors, among others.
And then hundreds of thousands of people came up and started playing it.
And it has shown that today recognition recognition of human patterns is better folding proteins than the best computers.
Ladies and gentlemen, what gives me a huge trust in the future is that we have more power as people to take the big challenges on the planet.
We have the tools with this exponential technology.
We have the passion of the barrier innovation.
We have the capital of the technology.
And we have three billion new minds that will join us to work on the big challenges and do what we should do.
We have a few extraordinary decades.
Thank you.
I'm going to talk about a very small idea.
that is the parking of the participation.
And as the idea can explain in a minute, before I give you three examples to do time.
The first story is about Charles Darwin, one of my heroes.
He was here, as you know, in 1838.
Maybe they believed that it was perfectly painting, but it wasn't like this.
It actually collects fish.
And I described one of them as very common."
It was the best.
It was very heavy to the 1980s.
Now the fish is at the Red Life list.
But we've heard this story many times, about Galapagos and other places, so that has nothing special about it.
But the case is we still come to the Galapagos.
We still think they're pressure.
The leaflets still say they follow intact.
So what happens here?
The second story, also illustrates another concept -- the deployment of the waist.
Because I was there in 1971 studying a Lagos in West Africa.
I was there because I grew up in Europe, and then I wanted to work in Africa.
I thought it could be interested.
I burned a lot with the sun and I was convinced that I was not there.
This is my first exhibition to the sun.
The rain was surrounded from palm players, and as you can see, of a few manuals.
There were the telescopes of about 20 centimeters -- the black bar typical.
And the fishing of this thylacine was very plentiful and went through a good moment, so it was earning more than the average of the average.
When I went there 27 years later, the number of fish had declined half.
They mature the five centimeters away.
They experienced a genetic pressure.
There were still fish.
In a way, they were still happy.
And the fish were still happy to be there.
I mean, nothing to change, but everything has changed.
My third story is that I was involved in the introduction of the arrangement fishing in Southeast Asia.
In the 1970s, I started in the 1960s -- Europe did a lot of development projects.
The fishing development I knew to impose countries that already had 100,000 fishermen -- to impose the industrial fishing.
And this boat, pretty ugly, was called La Four.
I went out to fish on it, and we conducted studies in southern China in the South Middle China and especially in the Sea Sea.
What we captured was something inevitable.
We captured now, I know, the bottom of the sea.
Ninety percent of what we captured were sponsors, other animals who are in the background.
And most fish are tiny manufactures about a few remains -- remains that are coral reef fish.
In short, the sea of the sea got to the deck and then he was broken.
These images are extraordinary, because transition is very fast.
In one year, you make a study and then it starts commercial fishing.
The background is going to be a solid background of coral coral, in this case, to be a local.
This is a dead turtles.
They didn't eat them. They dismiss them because they were dead.
Once we captured a living.
I still wasn't harmony.
So they wanted to kill it because it was a good food.
This mountain of remains is what the fishermen are collected every time they go to an area where they never have fish.
But it's not documented.
We transform the world, but we don't remember it.
We looked at the point of party, the new level, without remembering what was there.
If we generalize this something like this.
On the axis and we have good things -- biodiversity -- organisms -- the true of the country, the water supply.
And that changes over time. It changes because people do things with nature.
Every generation will use the images of the beginning of their conscious life as the normal and it will extrapolate it forward.
The difference is they perceive the loss.
But they don't perceive the loss that happened before.
You can analyze the change of change.
And at the end of the way I keep a few remains at the end.
And that, in large measure, is what we want to do now.
We want to keep things that are no longer what they were anymore.
But you should think that this problem affects people when predatory societies kill animals without knowing what they've done to some generations later.
Because, obviously, an animal that is very abundant before it was going to be extended, it's very often.
You don't lose abundant animals.
You lose animal frequency animals.
Even if this doesn't be perceived as a big loss.
Over time, we focus on the big animals, and in a sea of large fish.
They become a little bit often because we fishing.
Over time they have a few fish, but we think that's the point of participation.
And the question is, why do we accept this?
Well, because we don't know that it was different.
In fact, many people, scientists, questioning it was very different.
And you will do it because the evidence in an earlier way is not the way they expect it to have the evidence.
For example, the anecdote that some of them present -- like that captain such and such a look at a lot of fish in this area can't be used or usually don't use the scientists of fish, because it's not scientifically.
So we have a situation where people don't know the past, even though we live in instruction societies, because they don't rely in the sources of the past.
From there the enormous paper that can fulfill a protected marine area.
Because with protected marine areas, we really recreated the past.
So let's take the past that people can't conceive because the point of parties has run and it's extremely low.
That's for people who can see a protected marine area and they can benefit from the vision that they provide -- which allows them to erase their participation point.
And what about the people who can't do it because they don't have access, like the Middle West, for example?
I think that the arts and the cinema may fill the vacuum. The simulation.
This is a simulation of the Bay of Hello.
A long time ago, there were gray whales in the Hawking Bay -- 500 years ago.
And you'll have noticed that materials and tons are like "Advanced."
And if you think about "James" -- if you think about why people were moving with the film -- not to talk about the story of Poots, why will you move with images?
Because it makes something that, in a sense, has lost.
So my recommendation -- the only thing to give, is to Cameron -- make Availand II underwater.
Thank you very much.
Hello. I'm Kevin Alland, the YouTube manager manager -- and I look at YouTube videos in professional form.
It's true.
So today we'll see why videos make viral viral and how important it is.
We all want to be stars, celebrity, singers, common -- when I was younger, that seemed very, very hard.
But today the web video makes any of us, or our actions, copper in a part of our global culture.
Anybody can get famous on the Internet in a sandwich.
They climb over 48 hours from video to YouTube per minute.
And of those, just a little percentage is virtually, it gets invisibility of vision and gained cultural monopoly.
How does that happen?
Three things: trends of trends, participation communities and surprise.
Well, let's start.
Beaur Vagina: Oh my God, my God.
Oh my God.
Wow.
Hhappan, wood."
KA: Last year, Bear Venezuela published this film video outside his house in the National Park.
In 2010, it was 23 million times.
This graph shows the reproduction of the popular summer of the past summer.
Beautiful doesn't provide to make a viral video.
I just wanted to share a double rainbow.
That's what you do if it's called YouTube Mountain Beard.
I had already published many videos of nature.
This video had been published in January.
So what happened here?
It was Jimmy Zimbab.
Jimmy Zimbabwe published this tweet to catalory the video to popularity video.
The trends of trends like Jimmy Zimbabwe presented us new and interesting things and diversity to a wider audience.
Rebeller Black,  It's Friday, Friday -- you have to start the Friday,   everybody wants it to come out of week, the weekend.   You see, you see -- starting the Friday,  KA: Don't think we could have this conversation without talking about this video, I hope.
"Reverse Black Research is one of the most popular videos in the year.
He saw it almost 200 million times this year.
This graph shows the frequency of use.
Like "Arra Iraq "Dolander, this video seemed to have emerged from nothing.
So what happened this day?
Well, it was Friday, it's true.
And if you ask about those other peak, they are also Friday, too.
But what happened this day, this particular Friday Friday size?
Well, took Tom and many blogs started writing about it.
Michael J. Nelson from Missisk Science Tears, was one of the first people to make a joke on the video on Twitter.
But the important thing is that a person or a group of trends of trends adopt a point of view and share it with a broader audience, accelerating the process.
So this community of people who share this great inner joke then starts to talk about that and do things.
And now there are 10,000 paradoxics of Friday in YouTube.
Just in the first seven days, there was a parody for each of the other days.
Unlike the University of the 20th century, this community participation is our way to be part of the phenomenon -- or doing something new with that.
"Now "The Categle is an acceptable animation with an agreed music.
So, that's it.
This year saw about 50 million times.
And if you think that's rare, you know that there's a version of three hours that has seen four million times.
Even the cats saw this video.
And there are cats that saw other cats see the video.
But what's important here is the creativity that I woke up between the Internet community of the Internet.
There were remotely.
Somebody did an old version of it.
And then it became international into it.
All of a sudden, it came up with a whole community of remix that made this happen from being a joke to something that we can all form part.
Because we don't just enjoy it, we share.
Who could have predicted something like this?
Who could have predicted "Arcea Iran double: or Rebelance Black or "Namisho Categle?
What would I have written that I would have written this situation?
In a world where you get two days of video per minute, just that really unique, unexpected and unexpected can get rid of the way that these things have done.
When a friend told me that I had to look at this great video of a guy who protest against the climate calls in New York, I admit that I didn't really care about too much.
Casey Nigeria, I was amazed for not circular by the bird, but often there are obstacles that prevent you directly by the bird.
KA: Thank you to the surprise effect and your mood, Casey Nigeria made five million and understand your idea.
So this approach is worth for all new things that we do in a creative way.
And all of this leads to a big question.
Beaul Vagina: What does this mean?
Ghasa.
KA: What does this mean?
The trends of trends -- creative compassions of participation -- totally unexpected, are features of a new kind of media, from a new culture, which we all have access and is the audience that defines popularity itself.
As I said earlier, one of the current celebrities in the world, Justine Bible, started in YouTube.
They don't ask permission to express their ideas.
Now we're all a little bit of a little bit of our pop culture.
These are not the characteristics of old media, barely is the current media, but define the entertainment of the future.
Thank you.
This is not a finished story.
It's a puzzle that's still arranging.
Let me tell you about some of the pieces.
Imagine the first piece -- a man burning the work of a whole life.
It's a poet, a dramatic, a man whose entire life had been supported in the unique hope of unit and freedom of his country.
Imagine that as the communities come into Sang, by facing the fact that their life had been totally in the way.
The words, for so long friends, now they were looking at it.
It became substantial in silence.
He died by the story.
He's my grandfather.
I never met it.
But our lives are much more than our memories.
My grandmother never allowed me to forget his story.
My task was not to let that have been in cow, and my lesson was to learn that the story tried to blow up, but we support it.
The next part of the puzzle is about a boat in the dawn of delivering slowly to the sea.
My mother, Ma, was just 18 years old when his father died, and a contemporary marriage and two small girls.
For her, life had been destined to a task only, the escape of his family and a new life in Australia.
It was inconvenient for her that I couldn't do it.
And after a four year-old sauce that defies the fiction, a boat delivered into the search search of fishing search.
All adults knew the risks.
The biggest fear were the pirates and rape and death.
Like most adults, my mother took a fragment with poison.
If you were caught, first you take it my sister and I, and then she and my grandmother.
My first memories are from that boat, the constant rhythm of the engine, the proof summarized in every wave, and the horizon heroic and empty horrible.
I didn't remember the pirate pirates that came several times, but they were dealed with the courage of men in our boat, or the engine dying and not being able to catch for six hours.
But I remember the lights of the oil platform in front of the coast of Malaysia, and the young man who collapsed and died, finance the journey was too for him, and the first apple I tried to test, given by the men of the platform.
No apple had after the same flavor.
After three months in a refugee camp, we disappeared in Melick.
And the next piece of the puzzle is about four women over three generations shaping a new life together.
We set up in Force, a kind of class suburb whose population is composed of immigrants whose population is comprised by immigrants.
Unlike the middle class suburbs -- whose existence I discovered, in Force, had no sense of the right.
The smells that come from the stores were the rest of the world.
And the England English fragments were excited between the people who had one thing in common: they were starting again.
My mother worked in farms, then on a car assembly line, working six days, double shift.
Yet, I found time to study English and get a title at IT technology of information.
We were poor.
All of the dollars were associated, and they set up a extra tourist in English and math, it wouldn't matter what you should take up, which is generally new clothing. It was always a second hand.
Two media pairs for school, one to hide the holes of the other.
A school uniform to the ankle -- because I had to last six years.
And there were weird sing and painful sing on the shorted eyes and some graphica: "Statistically, go home."
home, where?
Something in me was indeed.
I was accumulating determination and a voice that said, "I'm going to get them."
My mother, my sister and I sleep in the same bed.
My mother was extracted every night, but we told us about our day and we heard the movements of our grandmother in the house.
My mother suffered nightmare, all of the boat.
And my task was to be awake until his nightmares start to be able to wake up.
She opened a computer store, then I studied to be statistical and open another business.
And women were coming with their stories about men who couldn't do the transition and angry and influences, and children taken trapped between two worlds.
They were looking for subsidies and patrons.
And they created centers.
I lived in parallel worlds.
In one, it was classic Asian student, impossible with what I was sued from myself.
In the other, it was redefined in price lives, tragic tastes by violence, drug abuse and isolation.
But many received help over the years.
And for that work, when I was studying my last year of lawyer, I was elected by the Australian young year.
And I went out of a piece of the puzzle to the other, but his edges didn't fit in.
So Laurie, the former animal of Force, was now as African and social activist -- invited to speak in sites I had never heard of, and in houses whose existence she had never imagined.
I didn't know the protocols.
I didn't know how to use counterps.
I didn't know how to talk about wine.
I didn't know how to talk about anything.
I wanted to retreat the routine and the trust of life in a smart suburb -- a grandmother, a mother and two daughters finishing the day as they did for almost 20 years, telling me about the day of each one and leaving asleep, the three still in the same bed.
And I told my mom that I couldn't do it.
I remembered that I had now the same age that she had when we got up to the boat.
The no ever had been an option.
"He said, "He said, "You don't know what you don't do."
So I talked about juvenile and education and descent to the marginalized and the destroyed.
And the more I was talking about, the more it was solved to speak.
I met people from all walks of life, many of them doing what they love, living in the border of the possible.
And although my limitation, I realized that I couldn't stay in a lawyers race.
There had to be another piece of the puzzle.
And I realized at the same time that it's okay to be a discovery, a received receiver, new on the scene -- and not only it's okay, but it's something that will be grateful, maybe a gift of the boat.
Because being inside it can easily mean collapse the horizon, it can easily mean accepting the assumptions of your province.
I gave enough steps outside my comfort zone to know that, yes, the world is democratized, but not the way we fear.
You might not have been allowed to be allowed to be determined.
There was an energy there, an implant optimism -- a rare mixture of humility.
So I kept my intuition.
I went to a little group of people who the motto can't be done, was an irreverential challenge.
For a year, we didn't have a center.
At the end of every day, he made a giant soup of soup that we all share.
We were working at night.
Most of our ideas were crazy, but some brilliant, and we opened up.
I made the decision to move to the United States.
After a single journey.
My heart again.
Three months later I had moved and the adventure continued.
Before I finished, let me tell you about my grandmother.
She grew up in a time where the Connecticut was the social norm and the local Mandarin was the person who mattered it.
Life had not changed by centuries.
His father died shortly after she was born.
The mother was raising it.
At the age of 17, it became a Congo Canadian whose mother was shaking it.
No support of your husband, you caused a flash when you demand it and bring the cause itself, and much more back when you win.
It can't be done to be wrong.
I was in the shower in the room of a hotel in Sydney when she died, to 1,000 miles, in Melick.
I looked through the map of the shower and I saw it standing on the other side.
I knew I had come to get off.
My mother called minutes later.
Day later, we went to a Buddhist temple, and we sat around his attack.
We told stories and we made sure we were still with it.
At night he came and told us that he had to close the attach.
My mother asked us to feel his hand.
I asked the monkey: "Why is his hand hot, and the rest of the body so fractal?
"Because you have taken your hand from the morning, said.
"You haven't suspended it."
If there's a nerve in our family, that ran through women.
Since we were and how life formed us, we can now see that men who had come to our lives would have frustrated us.
The defeat would have been easily conceived.
Now I want to have my own children, and I wonder about the boat.
Who could want that to know?
However, I fear the privilege of the easy, the right.
Can I give you a test in your lives, submission in every wave, the previous constant pace of the engine, the horrible horizon that doesn't guarantee anything?
I don't know.
But if I could give it to you and see them, I would do it.
Tribe Newsape and also the mother of San is here today, in the fourth or fifth row.
My story begins in Ranger about two years ago.
I was in the desert, under the star sky, with the Sufi Mandela Canner.
We were talking about how nothing has changed from the age of ancient Indian Electronics "The Markey."
In those days when Indians wanted to travel we went out to a cart and we were surprising the sky.
We now do it with airplanes.
At that time when Army was the great Indian warrior -- I was six, it took a bow and with a flow to the ground, got water.
We now do the same with talents and machines.
The conclusion we made was that the machinery had replaced magic.
And that was a lot of fun.
I felt a little bit more technology.
I was terrified by this idea of losing the ability to enjoy and appreciate a sunset if I didn't have the camera, if I couldn't throw it to my friends.
It seemed to me that technology had to allow magic, not killing it.
As a child, my grandfather gave me his ball silver ball.
And this piece of technology of 50 years was for my most magical thing.
It became a door door to a world filled with images and pills and nationalisms in my imagination.
I had the feeling that mobile stemes, luxury clocks and cameras prevent that we are.
They would provide our inspiration.
And so I sat up, I brought this technology world to see how to use it to create magic, rather than killing magic.
I illustrate books since age 16.
So when I saw the iPad, I saw an able to connect to the readers of the entire world.
You can know how we take the book.
Where are we in.
You can put the text with the image, the animation, the sound and the touch.
Narration becomes more and more multi-line.
But what does that serve us?
I'm about to launch Khan, a interactive application for iPad.
He says, "I put your fingers on every light."
And so --   says, "This box belongs -- I write my name.
And so I become a character of the book.
In several times I got a letter -- the iPad knows where I live for GPS -- that comes to me.
My inner child is excited about all these possibilities.
I've talked a lot about magic.
And I don't mean magicians and dragons, but to that magic of childhood, those ideas we open of children.
For some reason, the fireflies in a jar always became exciting me.
So over here, we have to tilt the iPad to release the fireflies.
And they really illuminate your way in which you rest from the book.
Another idea that I was fascinated with a little girl was that a whole galaxy is going on a ball.
So here, every book and every world becomes a ball that I drag into this magic device inside the device.
And this opens a map.
In every fantasy book, there have always been maps but have been static maps.
This is a map that grows up, full and guide you during the rest of the book.
In certain points of the book, it's also revealing.
I'm going to go in.
Another extremely important aspect for me is to create Indian content and at the same time.
These are the appearances.
We've all heard of the hands and the nights, but how many people outside India know their Indian contracts, the shows?
These poor papers have been trapped in the Indus cameras for millennia, in an old and humble book.
So we're bringing them back into a contemporary child story.
In a story that deals with current issues like environmental crisis.
And talking about the environmental crisis, one of the problems in the last 10 years has been that kids have been locked together, attached to their PC, have not gone out to the outside world.
But now with mobile technology, we can pull our children into the natural world with their technology.
One of the interactions of the book is this adventure where you have to go out on the outside, take the camera or the iPad, and collect images of different natural objects.
As a child, I had a lot of collectors: pains, stones, cards and collections.
For some reason children don't do it.
So to reclaim this ritual ritual of childhood, you have to go out and in a chapter take a picture to a flower and then label it.
In another chapter you have to take a picture of a piece of cortex and then label it.
So you create a digital collection of pictures that you can then put on the Web.
A child of London puts a picture of a boat and says, "Oh, today I saw a boat."
A child in India says, "I saw a monkey."
And it creates this kind of social network around a collection of digital pictures that have been taking place.
Inside the variants of connection between magic, Earth and technology are many possibilities.
In the next book we plan to have an interaction where you go out with the iPad and the video of the video and through augmented reality, you see a group of cartoons that appear on the interior plants of the house.
At a moment, the screen is full of leaves.
And you have to make the sound of the wind and blow them in order to read the rest of the book.
We're going to a world where the forces of nature are trained with technology and magic and technology are approaching each other.
We looked at the energy of the sun.
We're approaching our children and ourselves to the natural world and that magic, joy and child love that we sit through a simple story.
Thank you.
I would like to talk to you about why a lot of students are failed.
And I think, really, the most important thing about that is that we stop listening to patients.
And one of the things we did at the University Rudian was to find a director of listening.
And not in a very scientific way, she got a little cup of coffee or you and I asked patients and family and known -- what happens?
"How can we help it?
And we tend to think, this is one of the biggest problems for what everyone is, or maybe not all, but most of the equity projects fail, because we stopped listening.
This is my Wikipedia back -- it's a very simple thing.
It has a link of fire and shorted.
Every morning I got up.
And yes, I have a challenge as you can see.
I put the challenge to get to 95 kilograms away.
But it's so simple, that every time I connect me, I send my information to Google Health.
And my head doctor has access to him as well. So he can see what my weight problem, not at the same time in which I need community assistance or some urgency of that style but look back.
But there's another thing.
Like some of you know, I have more than 4,000 followers on Twitter.
So every morning I connect to my Wide business and before I went up to my car, people start talking to me, Luck, today I think you need a light lunch.
That's the best thing that can happen, because it's pressure of the countries used to help patients, because it could be used for obesity, and also so that patients stop smoking.
On the other hand, it can be employed to move people from their chairs and together develop some recreational activity to have more health control.
From the next week, it's going to be available.
This little battle connected to an iPhone or another device.
And people can, from their homes, take their blood pressure, send their doctor and share it with others, for example, for 100 dollars.
This is the point where patients assume a position, they go back to the control and be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to help us to health care because of the challenges that we face, as the device of the cost of medicine, the doubling of demand and other issues.
It will make techniques that are simple to use and start with this to engage patients in the team.
And they can do it with techniques like these, but also by crushedacar.
And one of the things we did I'd like to share with you with you with a video.
We all have navigation control in cars.
Maybe even we have them in our cell phones.
We know perfectly where the automatic boxes are in Martine.
Where they are all gasolines.
And of course, we can find fast food chains.
But where is the nearest DEA to help this patient?
We asked but nobody knew.
No one knew where to get DNA save lives right now.
What we did was we made a crumble in the Netherlands.
We created a website, and we asked the audience to "Laughter, and you see a DEA, please send them down, and when it's open, because sometimes open into office hours and others are closed.
And over 10,000 DEA was already presented in the Netherlands.
The next step was to look for the application for that.
And we made an app for the iPad.
We created an app for Laway, augmented reality, to find these DEATlands.
And every time you're in the city of Martin and somebody collapses, you can use your iPhone, and the next weeks to use your Microsoft cell to find the nearest DEA to save lives.
And from today, I would like to present this one, not just like DEA 4, which is the name of the product, but also like SARS.
And we want to start it globally.
We're building all of the colleagues in the world, in other universities, to help us find, work and act as a center for the Desk Christmas around the world.
Every time you are from vacation and somebody collapses, it can be a patient or somebody in front of you, you can find it.
I also wanted to invite companies around the world that could help us value these DEATlands.
You could be service services or phone people, for example, to see if the DEA that's shown is still in place.
Please help us and not just improve health, but taking control of it.
Thank you very much.
I'm here to share my photograph here.
Or is it photograph?
Because, of course, they're photographs that can't take with their cameras.
My interest in photography woke up with my first digital camera at the age of 15.
It was mixed with my passion before the drawing but it was a little bit different because when I used the camera the process was in planning.
And when you take a photograph with a camera the process ends up when the pulse is presented.
For me, photography had more to do with being in the right place, at the right time.
I looked like anybody could do it.
And so I wanted to create something different, a process that would start by presenting the plant.
Pictures like this: a building in a very transferred road.
But it has an unexpected turn.
And even though it keeps a level of realistic.
Or photos like these -- dark and colorful at the same time, but with the common goal of keeping the reality level.
And when I say recovery I say photographer.
Because, of course, it's not something that I can capture but I always want it to seem to have been captured in some way as a photograph.
photos where you have to think about a moment to discover the trick.
It has more to do with capturing an idea than to capture a moment.
But what is the trick that makes them look real?
Are the details or the colors?
Does you intervene light?
What do you create the illusion.
Sometimes the illusion is perspective.
But in the end, it's about our way to interpret the world and how you can perceive on a two-dimensional surface.
It's actually not about whether it's realistic but what we think is realistic.
So I think the foundations are very simple.
I see it as a puzzle of reality where we take different pieces of reality and we put them together to create an alternative reality.
Let me show you a simple example.
Here we have three perfectly imaginary objects, something we can all relate to the three-dimensional world.
But combined in a certain way can create something that still looks three-dimensional -- as if it exists.
But at the same time, we know it doesn't exist.
So we deceive the brain because the brain doesn't accept the fact that that doesn't really make sense.
And I see the same process by combining pictures.
It's really in combining different reality.
And the things that make a picture look realistic I think they're those in which we don't even think about, the things that surround us in our everyday lives.
But by combining photographs is very important to consider it, because something is going wrong.
So I would like to say that there are three simple rules that will follow to achieve realistic results.
As you can see, these images are not very special.
But combined, they can create something like this.
So the first rule is that the combination of photos must have the same perspective.
Secondly, combined pictures must have the same kind of light.
And these two images with these requirements -- they were taken to the same height and with the same kind of light.
The third point is to make it impossible to distinguish the principle and the end of different images with perfect Union.
It has to be impossible to see where the image is completed.
This is another example.
You might think that this is the image of a landscape, and the bottom is manipulated.
But this image is totally composed by photographs of different places.
In the personal I think it's easier to create a place that will find it because you don't need to put the ideas in your head.
But it takes a lot of planning.
And as I thought this idea in winter knew that I had several months to plan it, to find the different locations for the pieces of the puzzle.
For example, the fish was captured on a fishing journey.
The costs are a different location.
The subatomic part was captured in a stone point.
And yes, I even made the house of the top of the island so that it seemed more Sweden.
So to get a realistic outcome, I think it takes planning.
It always starts with a sketch, an idea.
Then you have to combine the different pictures.
And here every piece is very well thinking.
If you do a good job when you take pictures the pictures, the result can be very beautiful and at the same time.
All the tools are there and the only limit is our imagination.
Thank you.
Let me start by showing you a slide about technology, very boring.
Please if you can put it up.
It's a diagram who took from a card mine.
I'm not interested in showing you the details but the general side.
This is an analysis that we were doing about the power of RISD microprocessors versus the power of local area networks.
What's interesting about this is that this one, like many other people that we tend to see, is kind of a straight line on logarithmic scale.
In other words, every step here represents an order of magnitude on the performance scale.
To talk about technology with sexual curves is a novel thing.
Here's something weird happens.
And that's what I'm going to talk about.
Please take the lights.
I would need more intensity because writing about paper.
Why do we record technological curves in logical scales.
The answer is that if you draw them into a normal curve in which, say, these are the years or some time unit, and this would be any measure of the technology that I wanted to graduate, the diagram would look ridiculous.
It would be something like this.
It doesn't say a lot.
But if I thank you, for example, some other technology, like transportation, in a sexual curve would be very dumb, we would see a straight line.
But if something like this, it gives a qualitative change.
If transportation technology will move as fast as the microscopes, we could take a taxi and be in Tokyo in 30 seconds.
But it doesn't move into that rhythm.
There are no precedent in the history of the technological development of a retropicated growth that every few years advance orders of magnitude.
The question I want to plant is -- looking at these exponential curves -- we see that they don't follow forever.
It's not possible to sustain this change as fast as it goes.
It will happen one of two things.
Or it's going to become a typical cave S like this until it gets something completely different, or maybe I'll do something like that.
That's all it can happen.
I'm optimistic, so I think maybe something like this.
It will now be in the middle of a transition.
In this line we're in a transition of what used to be the world, to a new form.
So what I try to ask, and ask yourself, is: what is that new way that you adopt the world?
So what new states are the world?
The transition seems very, very confusing if we're immersed in it.
I remember the future in the year 2000 and people used to talk about what would happen in 2000.
This is a conference where people talk about the future, and we see the future remains the year 2000.
That's all we see.
In other words, the future has been collected, year after year, throughout my life.
But I think it's because we feel something is happening.
We can feel it.
And we know that it doesn't make a lot of sense to think about 30 or 50 years old because it will all be so different than extracting what we're doing today doesn't make any sense.
So I want to talk to you about how it might be, how it could be that transition that we experience.
But to do that, I will have to talk a little bit about things that don't have much to do with technology and information.
Because I think the only way to understand it is taking distance and looking at the long-term things.
The scale of time I would like to do it is the time of life on Earth.
I think this image makes sense if we look at it every billion years.
So we went back about 2.5 billion years when the Earth was a great sterile rock.
If we look at the way those chemicals are organized we give us an idea of how things happened.
And I think there are theories to start understanding the origin with RNA -- I'm going to tell you a simple version of this, and it is that, at that time, I had floating some oil droplet with all kinds of chemical recipes in its inside.
Some of those oil droplet drops contain a particular combination of chemicals that made them incorporate materials from the outside, and so the droplets grew up.
And they started to divide.
In a sense, those were the most primitive cell forms -- those oil cocktails.
But those drops were not alive, in the current sense, because each of them contained a random recipe of chemicals.
And every time you divide an unequal distribution of the chemicals that they continue.
And so every drop was a little different.
In fact, the droplets that are somehow differences being better at the time of incorporating the chemical chemicals -- they grow more, they would incorporate more chemicals and divide more.
They usually lived more time, they were more represented of it.
It was a form of life, chemical life, very simple, but things became interesting when these droplets learned the trick of the abstraction.
In some ways we didn't understand these droplets they learned to store information.
They learned to hold information, which was the recipe of the cell, in a special chemistry called DNA.
In other words, they worked on this without sense, a writing system that allowed them to register what they were to be able to replicate to.
The amazing thing is that that writing system seems to be stable since it evolved 250 billion years ago.
Our recipe, our genes, have exactly the same code, that same writing system.
In fact, every living self is expressed with exactly the same set of letters and the same code.
And one of the things I did just for fun -- we can now write things with this code.
Here I have 100 white dust microbes that I try to hide to the security people of the airport.
But it has -- I took this code. The code has the common letters that we used to use in this -- and I wrote my personal data in this DNA fragments and amplified it 10 to 22 times.
So if someone wants 100 million copies from my personal card I have a lot of for all the speakers -- in fact, for every person in the world, and it's here.
If it was a street I would have put it in a virus and would have spread it through the room.
What was the next step?
Writing the DNA was an interesting step.
This made these cells have happy another billion years.
But then another big step happened in which things got very different, and it was that these cells began to exchange and communicate information by forming the cells of cells.
I don't know if you know, but bacteria can exchange DNA.
So, for example, evolved the resistance to antibiotics.
Some bacteria found the way to avoid penicillin and put them apart to create their little DNA with other bacteria and now there are many residents to penicillin, because bacteria communicate.
This communication gave place that they would form communities that, in a way, were together in that, and they set up a synergy.
So they survive or they failed together, or whether a community was very successful all of the individuals of that community was more and more facilitated by evolution.
And the inflection point happened when these communities came so much that in fact, they came together and decided to write all the recipe of the community together in a DNA chain.
The next stage for life took another billion years.
And in that stage we have multicellular communities, communities of many different cells working together as a single organism.
In fact, we are a multi-line community.
We have a lot of cells that don't act alone.
The skin cell doesn't serve the heart, or the muscles, or the brain and so on.
So these communities evolved and produced more interesting levels than the cell phone, something we call an organism.
The next level happened within these communities.
These started to absorb information.
And to build very special structures that didn't do more than process information in community.
They're the neural structures.
The neurons are the devices that process the information that those cell communities built.
In fact, they began to specialize inside the community being the responsible structures to record and understand and transmit information.
Those were the brains and the nervous system of those communities.
And that gave them an evolutionary advantage.
Because at that moment as individuals, learning was confined to the duration of an organism, and not the period of evolutionary time.
So an organization could, for example, learn not to eat a certain fruit because he knew wrong and sick the last time he ate it.
That could happen during the life of a given organism that had previously built these information processing structures that for evolution would have learned for hundreds of thousands of years by death of individuals that ate that fruit.
So the fact that the nervous system would build those information structures enormously the evolutionary process.
Because evolution could now happen to an individual.
It could happen in time necessary to learn.
But then, of course, individuals discovered the trick of communication.
So for example, the most refined version we know is human language.
If we think about it, it's an incredible invention.
I have a very complicated idea a vague idea, in your head.
I'm sitting here by emitting a few groups and hopefully building a similar idea, vague and confused, in your heads that keep certain analogy with mine.
But we take something very complicated we converted it into sound, in sound sequences and we produce something very complicated in another brain.
That allows us to start working as an organism.
In fact, as a humanity, we have started to perform abstract.
We now go for periods similar to the multicellular organisms, we abstract our methods of record and presentation and information processing.
For example, language invention was a little step in that direction.
The phone, the I.T. center, the CDUN, and so on, are the specialized mechanisms that we now build to handle that information.
And that makes us a much bigger thing, and faster and able to evolve more than we did before.
Now evolution can happen in microscopes.
You saw the evolutionary example of Tim in which I produced a certain evolution with the College program, to our eyes.
And now we've accelerated the scale of time again.
The first stages of the story that I told you about took a billion years every one.
The next stages, the nervous system and the brain, took a few hundred million years.
The next, the language etc., took less than a million years.
And the next one, like electronics, seems to take only a few decades.
The process is retrofitting -- I guess that automatic is the right word to name something that accelerates its own pace of change.
The more changed, the faster it does.
And I think that's what we see in this explosion of the curve.
We see the process returns.
But I made my life designing computers, and I know that the mechanisms that I employ to design them would not be possible without recent computer advances.
But now design objects of such complexity that would be impossible for me to design it in a conventional way.
I don't know that it does every transistor in that connections machine.
There are billions of million.
Instead, with the designers of The Tasmanian Machines, we think of a level of abstraction, we put it on the machine and the machine with that does something that has previously not been could, it gets far further and faster than ever before.
In fact, sometimes it employed methods that we don't even understand well.
A particularly interesting method that I've been using lately is evolution.
We put inside the machine a evolutionary process that operates on the scale of the microscopes.
And for example, in the most extreme cases, we can evolve a program from a random sequence of instructions.
We said, "Please, can you run a hundred million sequences of instructions by drawing?
Could you be able to execute these sequences of random instructions, to run all those programs, and take those who are more approach to what we want to do?"
In other words, I define what I want.
Let's say I want to order numbers, to put a simple example.
So we find the programs that are closer to order numbers.
Of course, it's unlikely that a few random sequence of instructions, order numbers, so none of them did it.
But one, luckily, I could put two numbers in the right order.
And I said, "I compared, could you take 10 percent of those random sequences that better did the task?
We are going to take those and remove the rest.
And we now reproduce the best of the numbers.
And we are going to reproduce them following a process of ancestor ancestor to sex.
So let's take two programs, which will deliver songs, which are exchanging substances, and that children inherit the properties of both programs.
So we got a new generation of programs from the combinations of programs that had a little bit more successful.
And we say, "Please repeat the process.
Calculator again.
It introduced some mutations.
And it tries again and it tries to make another generation.
Well, every generation takes a few milliseconds.
So I can do the equivalent of millions of years of evolution in a few minutes, or in complicated cases, in a few hours.
At the end, we ended up with programs that order numbers absolutely perfect.
In fact, they are much more efficient programs than I could have written by hand.
If I look at those programs, I can't tell you how they work.
I've tried to analyze them to see how they work.
They're dark programs, strange programs.
But they have the committee.
In fact, I know, I have the safety that they get the goal because they come from a lineage of hundreds of thousands of programs that did it.
In fact, their life depended on it.
Once I went in a 747 with Mary Ministry and pulled a card and says, "Look at this.
He says, "This plane has hundreds of thousands of pieces that work together to offer a safe flight. Doesn't it make you feel translator?
We know that engineering processes don't work very well when they become complicated.
So we started to depend on computers to make a good design process.
And that allows us to produce much more complex things than the normal engineering does.
However, we don't understand about all the choices that there are.
In that sense, it goes ahead of us.
Now we use those programs to make computers much faster, and so we can execute these programs much more quickly.
It's retrofitted.
The thing is getting faster, and that's why I think it seems so conflict.
Because all these technologies are retrofit.
We are searching.
And we are at a time of analog organisms when they became multiple.
We're the free forests, and we can't understand what the hell we're creating.
We're at the tipping point.
But I think something comes behind us.
I think it would be very arrogant from our part to think that we are the final product of evolution.
And I think all of us are part of the creation of whatever it is.
But now comes the lunch and I think I'm going to stop here before I leave.
I think we have to do something with a part of the medical culture that has to change.
And I think this starts with a doctor, and that's me.
And I have exercised enough time to allow me to be part of my fake in that.
Before I treat the theme of my talk, we talk a little bit about baseball.
Why not?
We are close to the end of the world, the World series.
We love baseball, right?
The baseball is full of amazing statistics.
There are hundreds of statistics.
It's about to go out of the rules: talk about statistics and use them to form a great baseball team.
I'm going to focus on one of them, and I hope many of you know it.
It's called a battery call.
And we talked about 300 -- of a battery that's 300 dollars.
That means that the basic base effective, three of 10 times.
That means throwing the ball to the game field without being trapped and that anyone who tries to launch it to the first base -- it doesn't come in time, and the second base will be saved.
Three trains of 10.
Do you know how they call a 300 battery in the Great Light?
Well, really good, maybe the team of stars.
You know how you call a 400 baseball battery battery?
By the way, that's somebody who from 10 strikes -- attacked four.
Legitability, as the legendary Ted Williams, the last largest player of the Great largest Light of Beijing to execute more 400 hits in a regular season.
Now let's bring this to my world of medicine where I feel much more comfortable or less uncomfortable, after what I'm going to tell you today.
Suppose you have adversaries and you're dedicated to a surgeon that has also a 400 record of 400 in applications.
So it doesn't work, right?
Now suppose that they live in a remote place and a loved self has two clogged coronary arteries and their family doctor led to a cardiologist whose record in analysis is 200 dollars.
But you know something?
She's really getting better this year.
Their ancestors have been 257.
This is not working.
But I'll ask you.
What do you think you should be the average of antibiotics of a heart surgeon or orthopedic surgeon, from a nurse or a global obstacle?
1,000 very good.
And the truth of the issue is that no one in the whole medicine knows the airplanes of a good surgeon or a doctor or a drug pharmaceutical.
What we do, though, is to send them into the world, and I bow with the mandate, to be perfect.
And I never, ever make a mistake and worry about figuring out how to do it.
That was the message that I absorbed when I was in medical school.
I was a computer observation student.
Once, a fellow in high school said that Brian Goldman was studying to an exam of blood.
Like that.
I studied in my little development, in the New General Hospital nurse, not far from here.
And I learned everything from memory.
Out of my kind of anatomy -- memorize the origin and the muscle work, the branching of every artery that comes out of the air, the different differential diagnosis and no usual diagnostic.
And I even knew the differential diagnosis about how to classify kidney tuberculosis.
And as so much more and more knowledge.
And I was very good. I graduated with honor.
And you go from medical school with the impression that if you memorize everything, then I would know everything -- or the most possible, close to everything, because this is how I get rid of mistakes.
And it worked for a while, until I met Mr. Drug.
I was a resident in a university hospital here, in Toronto, when they brought Mr. Drug to the emergency service where I was working.
At that time, I was assigned to the cardiology service.
And when I used to be able to get to a cardiologist I got to go to that patient.
And I'm going to report the head of residents.
When I saw Mrs. Drug, I was doing.
I heard a responsible sound.
And when I got it, I heard a sound of basic sound on both sides, which I was introduced with a frozen heart failure.
In these conditions, the heart stops working, and instead of bombing the blood forward, the blood goes to the lungs, they get out of blood, and that's why there's difficulty to breathe.
And it wasn't hard to diagnosis.
I did it and I started working on the treatment that would give him.
He gave aspiration and medication to relieve pressure in his heart.
I gave him diagrams, water pills, so that he could eliminate liquid.
And in an hour or two, she began to feel better.
And I felt very well.
And there he was when he made the first mistake, he sent her home to his house.
I actually ate two more mistakes.
He sent her to his house without talking to the chief of residents, resistant.
I didn't raise the phone, I didn't do what I should have done, which was to call my boss and talk to him to look at it.
And if my boss would have seen it, I would have been able to support complementary information.
Maybe I did it for a good reason.
Maybe I didn't want to be a resident that requires constant attention.
Maybe I wanted to be so successful and capable of taking responsibility that I could take care of my patients without even contacting my boss.
The second mistake that I ate was worse.
By sending her home, I didn't pay attention to a voice in my inside that said, "God, it's not a good idea. Don't do it."
In fact, I was so insecure. I was so insecure. I asked the nurse to take care of Mrs. "Do you think it's okay if you go home?"
And the nurse thought and then said with total nature: "Yes, I think I'll be OK."
I remember that as if it was yesterday.
So he signed the high, and the ambulance together with the drugs took her to their home.
And I went back to the hospital room.
The rest of that day, that afternoon, I had a bad present in the stomach.
But I kept my job.
At the end of the day, I started to leave the hospital and walked into the parking parking where I was my car to go home. At that time, I did something that I don't normally do.
I went through the emergency service at home.
And there was another nurse, not the one who was running from Mrs. Dr. British, but another one, it told me three words, those three words that most emergency doctors are afraid of.
Other specialists are also afraid of it, but there's a particular in emergency, and it's that we see patients practically.
The three words are: Do you remember you?
Remember the patient who sent his home?"
I asked the other new nurse with total nature.
"Well, she came back, the same tone of voice.
She was fine.
But back and on the edge of death.
At the time of an hour of having reached his house, after I gave her the high, he suffered a collapse and his family called 911 -- the drugs brought her to emergency with an artificial pressure of 50 miles of Homo, which means a sex shock.
It was barely breathing and blue.
The emergency staff took all their resources.
They gave medication to go up the artificial pressure.
And they put a realistic response.
I was wired and happened to the spinal cord.
He had a mixture of feelings because then they would stabilize it was in intensive therapy and was expected against every hope that would recover.
And in the two or three days it was obvious that I would never wake up.
He had an irregular brain damage.
The family got together.
And in eight or nine days, they went into what was happening.
And the ninth day, they let it go. The Mrs. Drug, wife, mother and grandmother.
They say that they never forget the names that they die.
That was my first experience.
The next week, I was punished by it, and I experienced for the first time the evil shame that exists in our medical culture, and I felt just analyzed, analyzed, without feeling that healthy shame because you can't talk to your colleagues.
You make the peace and never eat that mistake.
It's that shame that leaves a teaching.
The evil shame that I talk about is the one that makes us feel very wrong in it.
It's the one that tells us not that what we did was wrong, but we are bad.
And that felt feeling.
And it wasn't for my boss -- he was a face.
I talked to the family, and I am sure that I was holding things down, and I was sure that they wouldn't demand me.
And I kept asking those questions.
Why didn't I ask my boss, why did he send her to his house?
And in my worst moments, why did I make a mistake so silly?
Why did I choose medicine?
Slowly that feeling was distributed.
And I started feeling better.
And in a cloudy day, he opened the sky and finally came out the sun and wondered if I would feel better again.
And I made a deal with myself in which if I were giving up the efforts to be perfect to be perfect to not make more mistakes to make those voices.
And it was.
I went back to work.
But it came back to happen.
Two years later, it was helped in the emergency department in a hospital hospital north of Toronto, and I got a 25-year-old man with a pain in the throat.
I was very busy and supported.
And he pointed out here.
I looked at his throat -- I was a little bit of color.
I was presented and sent him to his home.
But as he runs to the door, he kept pointing his throat.
Two days later, when I came to do my chain change, my boss asked to talk to me in his office.
And I made the three words: Do you remember you?
Remember the patient who saw for a pain in the grandfather?
So he came back, and he didn't have a strategic fragile.
He had a potentially mortal affect called epiphanies.
You can Google it in Google. It's an infection, not from the throat, but from the upper air, and that can cause the closing of those tracks.
He fortunately didn't fail.
You have anti-aggregated antibiotics and you will recover the few days.
And you go through the same period of shame and representations, then encouraged me and back to work, until it happened again and again, and again.
Two times in the same emergency South, not diagnosis advertising.
And it's a great effort, especially working in a hospital, because it takes 14 patients at the same time.
But in both cases, I didn't send them home, and I don't think it's been a discovery.
One of them thought I had a kidney calculation.
They order a radio of kidneys, but it turned out, a colleague that was reviewed to the patient perceived a certain sensitivity in the right lower and called the surgeon.
The other patient was with a lot of diarrhea.
I read liquid to reduce and ask my colleague to review it.
I checked it up and by noticing some sensitivity in the right lower quadrant, called the surgeon.
Both were operated and they recovered well.
But every case, I was developed by each case.
But I'd like to tell you that I made the worst mistakes in the first five years of exercise, and as a lot of colleagues say, it's a why.
The most meaningful have been over the last five years.
Just embarrassed and support.
And here's the problem: if I can't release and talk about my mistakes, if I can't find the voices that tell me what really happens, how can I share this with my colleagues?
How do you teach them this so they don't make the same mistakes completely?
If I would go into a place like this, I would have no idea what you think of me.
When was the last time you heard someone talking about failure, after failure, after failure.
Of course in a party you'll hear about the mistakes of other doctors but not listen to someone talking about their own mistakes.
And if I knew and my colleagues also, that a transplant in my hospital gave the wrong leg, believe you would have difficulty to look at the eyes.
This is the system we have.
The total denial of mistakes.
It's the system where there are two positions -- the ones that make mistakes and the ones that don't sleep and the ones that you know, the ones that have a result of results and those who have a result of results.
And it's almost like an ideological reaction, as an antibody that starts to attack that person.
We have the idea that if we take from medicine to people who make mistakes, we will have a safe system.
But that brings two problems.
In 20 years of difficulty and medical journalism, I've made a personal study of bad medical prisons and medical errors to learn how possible, from the first article I wrote for the Star Toronto to my program, "Who Court, Black Art."
And what I learned is that mistakes are influenced.
We work in a system where mistakes happen every day in which one in every 10 drugs prescription in the hospital are wrong, or definition is not correct. In a system where intuitive infection are increasingly more and more numerous and causing chaos and death.
In this country, they die 24,000 Canadian conditions by eradicating medical mistakes.
The U.S. Indian Institute established 100,000 dollars.
In both cases, it's about bureaucratic substances, because we're not destroying the problem as we should.
And that's how things are.
A hospital system where knowledge is multiplied every two or three years, and we don't get stuck.
The privacy of sleep is invasive all the time.
We can't get rid of it.
We have cognitive biases that allow to make a perfect history of a patient's pain in the chest.
Now, let's take the same patient with a pain on the chest, and it comes up with climb eyes and with alcohol and all of a sudden, my story took off.
It's not the same story.
I'm not a robot -- I don't do things like that.
And my patients are not cars. They don't relate their symptoms always the same way.
For all of this, mistakes are inevitable.
So if we took the system as they taught us, and we eliminate all the professionals to error, well, there will be no one left.
And with respect to people don't want to talk about their biggest cases?
In my program, "Global Art, black art, it's already a custom saying, "This is my worst mistake. I would tell everybody, from the phases to the head of heart surgery, this is my worst error, blah blah -- "What are your mistakes? And it would steer the microphone to them.
And their students would stop, they were going to go down the head and they would bring out and they would start telling their stories.
They want to tell their stories, they want to share them.
You want to be able to say, "Look, don't make the same mistake.
They need a context where they can do it.
They need a dedicated medical culture.
And it starts with a doctor every time.
The reduction physician is human, it's known human, it accepts it, and it's not proud of their mistakes, but it's efforts to learn from what happened to teach others.
It shares their experiences with them.
It's support for those who talk about their mistakes.
It points out the mistakes of other people not with the intention of catching them, but in a loving and supportive way for everyone to benefit.
And it works in a medical culture that recognizes that human beings direct the system, and when this happens, they eat mistakes every once in a while.
My name is Brian Golden.
I'm a reduction doctor.
I'm human, eating mistakes.
And I feel it a lot of effort to learn something that can transmit others.
I don't know what you think of me, but I can live with that.
And let me conclude with three personal words, I remember it.
Do you know how many decisions we take a day?
Do you know how much we choose in a week?
Recently, I made a survey to more than 2,000 people and the average amount of elections that says to choose a middle American -- it's about 70 a day.
Not a lot ago, in a research they followed for a week to a group of business presidents group.
The researchers recorded the different tasks of these CEOs and the time they used to make decisions related to those tasks.
They found that, on average, they took 130 jobs a week.
Naturally, every work included many missions.
Half of those decisions took nine minutes or less.
Only 12 percent required an hour or more of their time.
Now think about their choices.
Do you know how many people belong to the 90 minutes, and how many of an hour one?
How do you calculate the way that you handle those decisions?
Today I want to talk about one of the biggest problems of activity: choose to the coach of options.
I want to talk about the problem and some possible solutions.
As I talk about this I'm going to ask you a few questions, and I need to know your answers.
When I ask a question, like I'm blind, raise your hand only if you want to burn calories.
Otherwise, when you ask a question, if your answer is positive, please give you a stick.
And now my first question of the day, are you ready to hear about the problem of option supply?
Thank you.
As a graduate student at Stanford University, I often often have this very, very high level, at least at that time was very sophisticated.
It's called Drum.
It was almost like going to a amusement park.
There were 250 different classes of mustard and vice, over 500 different types of fruit and vegetables and about 25 water water, and this was when we took water from the tap.
I loved to go to that store, but in an occasion, I asked myself, why did I never buy nothing?
This is the state of olive oil.
They had more than 75 different classes, including those who were in the sealed box that came from military trees.
Once I decided to visit the manager and asked him, "Did it work well this strategy of offering all these choices?
He pointed to me the buses full of tourists that came every day, usually with their cameras.
We decided to do a little experiment with memories.
It's still.
They had 344 different classes.
We installed a post to say, right on the entrance of the store.
We put out there from six flavors or 24 different flavors and we looked at two things: First of all, what case were people willing to stop to try to test the memory?
More people stopped when there were 24, 60 percent, that when there were only six, 40 percent.
We also looked at what case they were more likely to buy a memory task.
Here we find the opposite effect.
Of those who stopped when there was 24, only three percent got to buy metaphor.
Of those who stopped when there were six, we saw that 30 percent bought metaphor.
If we do the calculations, people had six times more likely to buy if they found six -- that if they found 24.
Well, deciding that we don't buy metal probably makes us -- at least it's good to preserve the line, but it turns out that the problem of choice overload affects us in really momentous decisions.
We decided not to decide, even though this doesn't convince us.
Now the theme of the day, the financial savings.
I'm going to describe a study that I did with Guardian Hembreconset, Emma Kama-market and West Jane, where we looked at decisions about savings for about a million Americans, from about 650 plans of this country.
We were interested in seeing if the number of available funds available in savings of savings for retirement -- 401 designers, described people to save for the future.
And we discovered that there was a correlation of it.
We had 650 plans that ranged from two, to 59 different options.
We found that the greater number of offering funds, there was less participation.
So if we look at the extremes -- we see that on the plans that offer two funds -- the rate of participation was 70 or more, not as high as you want.
And on the plans that were offering about 60 funds -- the rate of participation.
It turns out that even if you decide to participate, when there are more choices, even in that case, there are negative consequences.
So for those of you who decided to participate, the greater number of choices, the more people they were engaged to avoid actions or the investment funds.
In the time there were more choices, they were more willing to invest in market financial account.
But none of these extreme decisions are the ones that we recommend to optimize the future financial well-being.
In the previous decade we've seen three major negative consequences by offering more and more possibilities.
The most likely thing is that they make the decision, that they apply it even when this goes against the interest.
It's more likely to make the worst decisions, in finance and health.
They're more likely to choose things less satisfying, even though it's objectively getting better.
The main reason is that we manage to look at that gigantic variety of massive, mustard and manager, but we're not able to do the calculations to compare and contract and choose that impressive exhibition.
I want to propose you with four simple techniques that we have tried, in one way or another, in different research, so that they can rehearse in their business.
The first is, Corruption.
You've heard it before, but it's never been more true than today, which less is more.
People are always bothered when I say, "Court."
They worry about losing space in the analysis.
But actually what we're looking at increasingly is that if you decide to cut, you will get rid of strange redundant options, there will be a rising increase in the windows -- there'll be a better experience in choice.
When Protest & Gamble went from 26 different types of Health & Shows to 15, they saw a 10 percent increase in sales.
When Golden Categle removed the products for cats of cats that were less sold -- they increased the uses in 87 percent, for two causes, greater sales and fewer costs.
You know that the supermarkets today, in average offer 45,000 products.
In a shop of Walmart we have about 100,000 products.
But the ninth has bigger in the current world is Alley and offers only 1,400 products -- a kind of tomato tomato tomato salt.
In the world of financial savings -- I think one of the best examples that have emerged about how to handle choices is the planet of David Lawanian, the Harvard program.
All Harvard employees are automatically incompated to a life insurance fund.
Those who really want to choose, they are offered 20 funds, not 300 or more.
You know that often people say, "I don't know how to cut up.
All of these are important options.
The first thing I do is ask the employees, "Tell me the differences that there are among those options.
And if your employees can't different, you will not be able to do your clients."
This afternoon, before I started this session, I was talking to Gary with Garbar.
He told me that he would be willing to offer people in this audience a few holidays with everything paid to the world's most beautiful road.
Here, a description here.
I want you to read it.
I'm going to leave a few seconds to read it, and then I want you to give you an applause if you're ready to take the supply of Garbar.
(Clicks metronome) Okay. Anybody who's ready to accept the offer.
Aren't they more?
Well, I'm going to show you something else.
You knew there was a trick.
Who is ready for that journey.
I think it really reached more hands.
All right.
Actually, you had more information in the first round, than in the second one, but I can go ahead and say that the second time was more real.
Because the images make it look more real.
And this brings me to the second technique to manage the problem of choices, which is Congress.
For people to understand the differences between choices, they have to understand the consequences of every choice, and that the consequences must feel very vividly -- very concrete.
Why do people spend 15 percent more on average when you use debit cards or credit cards than when you use effective use?
Because it doesn't seem real money.
It turns out to be more real, it can be a very positive tool for people to save more.
We did a study with Shalli Benjamin and Alexander Private, especially in English Internet staff who worked on English -- these people were in a meeting where they were affecting a 404 plan.
At that meeting, that we had exactly how it was used to it, we made a little addiction.
What we added was we applied to the staff who would think about the positive things that would happen in their lives if they save more money.
With this minute there was an increase in the 20-year-old applications and an increase in the amount that they were interested in saving or what they wanted to put in their savings accounts of four percent.
The third technique is Claritibice.
We can handle more categories than options.
For example, this is a study we did in a magazine hall.
We saw that in the supermarket of the northern room, the magazine exhibition can contain from 333 different types to 666.
But you know?
Because the classification tells me how to tell them.
These are two judgments of jewelry.
One is called "Japanese and the other, "Sister."
If you think the one on the left is Silicon and the one on the right is Japanese, they give a stick.
(Clicks metronome) Well, there are some of them.
If you think the one on the left is Japanese and the one on the right is Swiss, they give a stick.
Well, something else.
It turns out it's right.
The one on the left is Japanese and the one on the right is Swiss. But you know something?
This rating scheme is totally useless.
Cattles have to indicate something that they choose to do, not that I define them.
You can often see this problem with those huge funds of fundraising.
Do you know who they're information?
My fourth category, condition the complexity.
It turns out that we can handle much more information than we think, if we just simplify it a little bit.
We need to increase the complexity gradually.
I'm going to show you an example of what I mean.
Let's see a well complicated decision -- the purchase of a car.
This is a German carbon manufacturer that allows to think about it.
You have to take 60 decisions, to grab the car.
And these decisions vary in the number of choices that offer each one.
Colors, outside of the car. I have 56 possibilities.
Motor, box of change. Four options.
What I'm going to do is vary the order where decisions appear.
So half of the clients are going to go from many options, 56 colors, at a time, four boxes.
The other half of the clients are going to go from few choices, four boxes, to 56 colors, many options.
And what am I going to look at.
How involved you are.
If you approach always the default button in every decision, this indicates you're overwhelmed -- or it is, we are losing them.
We found that the ones who are from many choices in a few choices -- they press the button by defense over and over again, and another one.
We lose them.
If you go from few choices to many, they continue there.
Same information, the same number of options.
The only thing I did was alter the order in which information is presented.
If we start with the easy, you learn to choose.
Although the school box is not saying anything about the preferences of inner decoration.
We are excited about a product that we're building that now has more engaged with the process.
To remove.
I've talked about four techniques to mitigate the problem of option of choices, correct, eliminate strange alternatives -- concentration, to make it real. Clinical -- we can handle more categories with fewer choices -- to lead complexity.
All of these techniques that I've been presented to you were designed to help manage the alternatives or better, for you, to use them in their issues, or for people who serve.
It's that I think the key to getting the best of an election is being careful by choosing.
And the more careful we be in our choices better we can practice the art of choice.
Thank you very much.
In the 1980s, in the Eastern East Germany, if you had a writing machine should register it to the government.
It had to register a piece of example written with the machine.
And this so that the government could track the origin of the text.
If you found a writer with the wrong message, you could track the footprint to the origin of the idea.
In the West, we don't know that someone could do this, how much that would limit freedom of expression.
We would never do that in our countries.
But today, in 2011, if you buy a printer color laser of any big manufacturing and print a page, that page will end up having some yellow points on every page that follow a pattern that makes them own in one and their printer.
That's happening to us today.
And nobody seems to be able to get a lot to be deployed by this.
This is an example of the ways our governments use technology against us, the citizens.
And it's one of the three main causes of problems in the network.
If you look at what happens in the online world, we can fix the attacks according to its attacks.
There are three main groups.
They're the cybercriminals.
Like Mr. Dimitri Golden of the city of Kiribati, in Ukraine.
The mobile phone is very easy to understand.
These guys make money.
They use the cybercriminals to earn a lot of money, and so on.
There are really many cases of millions online, multiple lines, who won money with their attacks.
This is Valley Testimatical, from Tarda, Stanford.
This is Alfred God.
This is Stephen Watt.
This is Brad Sunday.
These are Matthew Anderson: Taliban Harroom etc., etc.
These guys do their online forests, but they do it by illegal media through bank triangles to steal money from our bills when we bought online, or steal our keys to get information from our cards when we bought in a infected computer.
The secret service of the United States, two months ago, freeze the Swiss account of this guy, Sam Jani, and this counts had 14 million dollars when he was frozen.
Mr. Japan is sort of slowly draws his paradox.
And I say that today is more likely than any of us are victims of a cyber that of real crime.
And it's very obvious that this goes from bad in worse.
In the future, most of the crimes will happen online.
The second group of attacks in importance that we see today is not motivated by money.
There is another thing that moves them, they motivate the protests, they motivate the opinions. They motivate laughter.
groups like Anonymous have developed over the last 12 months by occupying a paper in the lines online.
Those are the three main attacks, the criminals that do it for money, the hackers like Anonymous who do it to protest and the last group are the national states that are attacked.
And then we see cases like Digital Diama.
That's a good example of government attacks against its own citizens.
Digital is a certificate authority of the Netherlands, or, actually, it was.
declared the last fall because of a sports.
They were surprising the security of the site and they had a cyber cardiologist.
Last week, I said, in a meeting with Dutch government, I asked one of the leaders if they were fighting the death of people because of the attack to Digital.
And the answer of him was yes.
So how do people die by a attack of these?
Digital is a certified authority.
They sell certificated.
Why do the certificate.
Well, you need if you have a website with stories, services encrypted SETI, services like Guanah.
Except that they interpret a foreign current authority.
And that they emit computer creatures.
And in the case of Diamati happened, exactly that.
And what happened in the Arab Spring and those things that have happened, for example, in Egypt.
Well, in Egypt the protesters took the headquarters of the secret police in April in April 2011, and during the back of the building, they found many papers.
Among those papers was this cartoon called FILPR.
And within that folder there were notes from a headquarters in Germany that had sold the Egyptian government tools to interpret great scale communications in the country.
They had sold this tool for 280,000 euros to the Egyptian government.
The headquarters of the company is right here.
So the Western governments provide tools to the totalitarian governments to do this to their citizens.
But the Western governments also do this themselves.
For example, in Germany, only a couple of weeks ago, I found the Trickle Trickle, a triangle used by German government officials to investigate their own citizens.
If you're suspicious in a good criminal case, it's pretty obvious that your phone is interactive.
But today it's going further.
You interpret the connection to the Internet.
You can even use tools like the Scott Trickle to infect our computer with a triangle to allow them to see all the communication, and listen to the discussion online, to get our data.
When we think about things like these obvious answer should be "Well, it seems bad, but I don't really affect because I'm a honest citizen.
Why worry about that?
I have nothing to hide.
And that argument doesn't make sense.
It's in play of privacy.
Privacy is not a discussion.
It's not a question of privacy against security.
It's about freedom against control.
If we could trust our governments today in 2011, any rights that we respond today, it's going to be forever.
Are we blind blind in any future government, in an administration that we could have within 50 years?
These are the questions that have to worry about over the next 50 years.
This is where I live. I live in Kenya, in the southern part of Nairobi National Park.
These are the cows of my dad, the background, and behind the cow, the National Park.
The National Park of Nairobi doesn't have close to most of the south, which means that wild animals like the fibers migrate outside the park.
And predators, like lions, follow them, and this is what they do.
They kill our cattle.
This is one of the ones that killed at night, and so soon we got up in the morning and found it dead and found me very bad because it was the only guy we had.
My community, the mass, we think we came from the sky with our animals and all the land to punish them, and so we value them so much.
So I grew up with the lions.
The brown are warriors that protect our community and the livestock and they're also upset with the problem.
So kill lions.
This is one of the six lions that killed in Nairobi.
I think that's why there are so few in the National Park.
A child in my community, at the age of six at nine years old, is responsible to the livestock of his father and this was the same thing that happened to me.
So I had to find a way to solve this problem.
My first idea was to use fire, because I thought the lions were afraid.
But I realized that it didn't really be, because even helped the lions to see the flash of far.
I didn't give up. I kept going.
A second idea was to use a sports.
I was trying to deceive lions to think that I was near the state.
But lions are very smart.  They came the first day and they saw the sports, and they were left, but the second day, they came back and said, this stuff doesn't move, it's always here.  So they jumped and killed animals.
So one night I was walking around the stable with a torch and that day, the lions didn't come in.
I found that lions are afraid of the light that's moving.
So I had an idea.
And I got a switch that I would think about and turn the lights.
And this is a little lamp of a broken flashlight.
Arm everything.
As you can see, the solar panel charges the battery and the battery is the electricity to the little Indian box. I call it a transformation.
And the Indian box makes the flash street.
As you can see, the bottles give outside, because that's where lions.
And that's how you see the lions when they come at night.
The lights go back and forth the lions to think I'm walking through the standard, but I'm sleeping in my bed.
Thank you.
So I put them in my house two years ago, and since then, we never have trouble with lions.
And the house of the neighborhood heard the idea.
One of them is from this grandmother.
They had killed a lot of animals and asked me if I could put the lights.
I said yes.
I put them. You can see the background, these are the lights for lions.
Since then, I've installed them in seven houses in my community and are serving a lot.
And my idea also is used now throughout Kenya, to scare other predators like heroin, leopards, and also being used to spread flat elephants.
So thanks to this invention, I had the fortune to get a scholarship in one of the best schools in Kenya, International International School, and I'm very excited.
My new school is now helping to remember funds and awareness.
I even took my friends to my community and installed lights in the houses that don't have them, and I teach them how to put them.
So a year ago, it was just a child in the winds of the savanna holding my father's cows and I used to see airplanes flying up, and he told me that someday would be within one.
And here I am.
I got the opportunity to come in plane for the first time to TED.
My great dream is to get engineer and pilot when I grew up.
I used to hate lions, but now as my invention is saving the cows of my dad and the lions, we can be with the lions without any conflict.
The cloned standard. What in my tongue means, thank you very much.
Chris Anderson: You don't imagine how exciting it is to listen to a story like yours.
So you get a story. Richard Turkey: Yes.
CA: You're working on other electrical inventions.
What's the next on your list?
RM: My next invention is -- I want to do an electric fence -- CA: A flow close?
RG: I know the electric fences were invented already, but I want to do the mine.
CA: So you try it once, right?      I tried it before, but I was going to go because I got a called  CA: At the foot of bread. Richard Turkey, you're something big.
We're going to look at every step that you have, I friend.
Thank you very much. RS: Thank you very much.
When I was little, I thought my country was the best on the planet.
I grew up singing a song called "No Even Sender Canada."
And I felt very proud.
In school, we spent all the time studying the story of Kim Israel, but we never learned much about the rest of the world, except that America, South Korea, Japan are the enemies.
Even though I sometimes wondered about the rest of the world, I thought I would spend my entire life in North Korea, until everything changed.
When I was seven years old, I saw my first public execution first.
But I thought my life in North Korea was normal.
My family wasn't poor and I had never happened hungry.
But one day, in 1995, my mom brought home a letter of my sister.
That he said, "When you read this, the five members of the family will stop exist in this world, because we haven't eaten in the past two weeks.
We're recognized together on the floor, and our bodies are so weak, we are prepared to die."
I was very altered.
It was the first time I heard that people were suffering in my country.
At the time when I was walking in front of the train station, I saw something terrible I can't erase from my memory.
A woman without life was dead on the street, holding a child climbing in his arms looking at his mother's face without being able to do anything.
Nobody helped them, because they were very concerned about caring themselves and their families.
A huge arms to North Korea in the middle of the 1990s.
At the end of a million Americans died during the famine and just soon survived eating grass, insects and tree cortex.
They also became more and more often in the energy cortex, all around me was completely at the dark night except by sea lights.
I always wondered why they had light and not.
This is a satellite picture of North Korea at night compared to neighboring countries.
This is the Rio River, which serves of boundaries between North Korea, and China.
As you can see, the river can be very angry in certain points, allowing Americans to cross secretly.
But many die.
Sometimes I saw bodies floating in the river.
I can't reveal the details of the North Korea, but I can only say that for the years of the famine I was sent to China to live with distant patients.
But I just thought I would be separated from my family for short time.
I could never have imagined that I would take 14 years to go back together.
In China, it was hard to live as a young woman without my family.
I had no idea what life as a normal refugee would be.
But soon I learned that it's not just extremely difficult, but also dangerous, because the Native refugees in China were considered illegal immigrants in China.
So I was living with a constant fear that my identity was revealed -- and it would be replicated to a horrible fate back in North Korea.
One day, my worst nightmare was made reality, when I was arrested by the Chinese police, and I was interested in the police station.
Somebody had been accused by being normal, so they tested my skills in the Chinese language, and they asked me a lot of questions.
I was terrified.
I thought my heart was going to explode.
If it didn't look natural, it could be incarcerated and depressed.
I thought my life was going to end.
But I managed to control my emotions and answer the questions.
At the end of the interrogation one official told another, "This was a fake report. She's not normal."
And they let me go. It was a miracle.
Some Americans in China are looking for asylum.
But many can be arrested by the Chinese police and depressed.
These women were very lucky.
Although they had captured them, they were eventually released after an international pressure.
These Americans were not so lucky.
Every year, inconvenient Americans are captured in China and deposited to North Korea, where they're tortured or imprisoned or executed in public.
Although I was lucky in scale, many other Americans have not been so lucky.
It's tragic that Americans have to hide their identities and fight so hard to survive.
Even after learning a new language and find work, all its world can be taken into an instant.
That's why, after 10 years of hiding my identity, I decided to get rid of South Korea.
And I started a new life again.
It was a much greater challenge of what I expected for.
English was very important in South Korea, I had to start learning my third language.
And also, I understood that there was a big gap between North and South and south.
We are all corals, but in the inside, we've become very different because of 67 years of divide.
You even dare a crisis of identity.
Am I surgeon or northern or northern north?
Where am I? Who am I?
Suddenly, there was no country that I could call the proud me.
Although to adapt to life in South Korea, it wasn't easy, I made a plan. I started studying for the university exam to college.
Just when I started to adapt to my new life, I got a call alarming call.
North Korean authorities introduced some money that I sent to my family, and as a punishment -- my family was going to be displaced to force to a red location outside the outside.
They had to run immediately.
So I started planning how to help them escape.
The Americans have to travel long distances on the way towards freedom.
It's almost impossible to cross the border between North and South Korea.
So ironically, I took a flight to China and I love the border with North Korea.
Because my family couldn't speak Chinese, I had to guide them, somehow, for more than 3,000 miles across China and then through Southeast Asia.
The journey in bus took a week, and we almost were caught several times.
Once, our bus was arrested and addressed by a Chinese police officer.
I was able to ask all of them, and I started asking them questions.
As my family couldn't understand Chinese, I thought my family was going to be arrested.
When the Chinese official came up to my family, I instantly stood up and told him that they were summer people who was coming in.
I looked at me sustainable but fortunately believe me.
We made all the way to the French border.
But I had to spend almost all my money to bribe the border guards in Ladens.
But even after I passed the border, my family was arrested and imprisoned by crossing the frontal frontier.
After paying mountains and bones, my family was released in a month.
But in time, my family was arrested and incarcerated again in the Lab capital.
This was one of the lowest dots in my life.
I did everything to liberate my family, and we were so close to it, but my family was retreated in prison to short distance of the South Korea.
I went and came between the immigration office and the police station, desperately trying to liberate my family.
But it didn't have enough money to pay more bribes or multiple.
I lost hope.
At that time, or the voice of a man wondering, "What is the problem?"
I was so surprised that a stranger would care to ask.
With my poor English and a dictionary, he explained the situation, and certainly the man was the ATM card and gave me the rest of money to my family and for other two Americans and take them out of prison.
I thank you all my heart, and I asked him, "Why am I helping me?"
"I'm not helping you, he said.
"I'm helping the North America."
I realized that that was a symbolic moment in my life.
The amazing amazing symbolizes a new hope for me and for the normal people when we needed it.
And I showed that the kindness of the unknown and support of the international community are really the hope of hope that the North African people need.
Over time, after our long journey, my family and I met in South Korea.
But achieving their freedom is just half the battle.
A lot of Americans are separated from their families, and when they come up to a new country, they start with little or none money.
So we can benefit from the international community with education, practical language practices.
We can also act as a bridge between the North Korea and the rest of the world.
Because many of us follow in contact with families still inside, and we send information and money that is helping change North Korea from within.
I've been very lucky, I've received a lot of help and inspiration in my life, so I want to help give you a chance to thrive international support.
I'm sure you're going to see more and more normal trials around the world, including on the TED stage.
Thank you.
I live in the South Center.
This is Centre South -- short stores, fast food, ballet land.
And so the planners in the city came together and thought, we're going to change the South Center name to represent something else, so they changed the Argentines South, as if this would fix what is actually wrong in the city.
This is Los Angeles, South Angeles.  Licenselfers -- fast food, land land.
Like 26 million of other Americans, I live in a food desert, the Angeles Center South, home from food places to take and eat in the car.
The curious thing is that food places to take more people than food in the car.
People are dying of curable diseases in Los Angeles Center.
For example, the obesity rate in my neighborhood is five times larger than say, Benjami Hillis -- which is about 15 miles away.
I get tired of seeing this happen.
And I wonder how would they feel if they didn't have access to healthy food, and if every time they come out of house you see the harmful effects that the current food system has in their neighbor?
I see chairs of compressed wheels and sold and sold cars.
I see hundreds of dialogue climbing like Stars.
And I think this must stop.
I think the problem is the solution.
Food is the problem, and it's the solution.
I also tired to drive 45 minutes of outward and come back to buy an apple that has no pesticides, no pesticides, no personality.
What I did, I was planting a forest forest in front of my house.
In a land of land we call a garden.
It's 45 feet three feet.
The point is, it belongs to the city.
But you have to keep it.
I said, "Well, I can do what comes to me, because it's my responsibility and I have to keep it.
That's how I decided to keep it.
So my group and I, L.A. Greeney Greeks, we put together and started planting our food forest trees, fruit trees, you know, nine full vegetables.
What we do, we are a kind of group paid by adaptation of all of the procedures of all the processes, all of the city and completely volunteers, and everything we do is free.
And the garden was beautiful.
Then somebody complained it.
The city came up to me and in summary, they gave me a quote by saying that I had to retire my garden.
And I said, "Come on, right?
An ordinary order for planting food in a piece of land that no one matters.  So I was like, "Well, let's get it."
Because this time I wasn't going to happen.
L.A. Times had the story written by Steve Lopath, and I talked to the concept and one of the Greenland Greenlands, who put a petition in Charlotte, with 900 signatures -- we were successful.
We had the victory in our hands.
My core even called to say that they were respecting and they would love what we were doing.
I mean, we go, why not?
L.A. is the city of America with more ballet land.
It has 68 miles of ballet terrain.
That equals 20 Persons Paris.
That's space enough to plant 750 million tomato plants.
Why don't you tell them good this?
It will grow a plant to give a thousand seeds.
When a dollar of helicopters give you 75 dollars of output.
It's my brother, when I tell people, culture your own food.
Cutting your own food is how to print your own money.
You see, I have a legacy for Central South.
I grew up there. I raised my children there.
And I was being part of this manufacturing reality that was manufacturing for me for others, and I'm going to make my own reality.
You see, I'm an artist.
The garden is my graph, I grow my art.
As an artist of graffiti that embarked walls, I exclude soils, gardens.
I use the garden, the land, as a piece of canvas, and plants and trees, are my exhibition of that canvas.
They're surprised to see what the earth can do -- if you let it be your canvas.
They simply can't imagine how amazing a sunflower is and how they affect people.
What happened?
I'm a witness of how my garden became a tool of education, of transformation of my neighborhood.
To change the community, you have to change the composition of the Earth.
We are the land.
They were surprised to see how it affects kids.
The gardeners is the most terminal and productive act you can do, especially in a urban.
In addition, they get fresh.
I remember an occasion, who came up with a mother and his daughter, were like 30, at night, and they were in my garden and they went out and looked very absolutely.
I, well, man, I felt bad that they were there, and I said, you know, you don't have to do this.
This is on the street for a reason.
I felt shame when I saw people that were so close to me with hungry, and this only reinforces why I do this, people ask me, "No, don't fear people are going to steal your food?
And I say, "Oh God, I don't have afraid that you're going to steal it."
That's the street on the street.
That's what it's about.
I want you to take it, but at its time, I want you to replace your health.
There was another occasion, where I put a garden in a refugee in the center of Los Angeles.
They were these guys, who helped me download the truck.
It was fabulous. I was shared to her stories about how this had affected them and how they used to plan with his mom and his grandmother, and it was fabulous to see how this changed them, so it was just for a moment.
So Green Grounds have come to plant maybe 20 garden.
We've had, like about 50 people who come from, work and participate, all in a volunteer plan.
If kids grow color, kids will eat color.
If you grow tomatoes -- they eat tomatoes --  but if none of this are taught if you don't teach them how the food affects your mind and the body, you eat blind to the blind you put them in front of you.
I see young people who want to work, but they have this thing in which they're caught -- I see color kids that are on this way designed for them, which doesn't take them nowhere.
With the gardening, I see an opportunity in which we can train these guys who get rid of their communities to have a sustainable life.
And when we do this, who knows?
Maybe the next George Washington Carlod's product.
But if we don't change the composition of land, we will never do it.
Now this is one of my plans. This is something I want to do.
I want to plant a whole block of gardens, where people can share food in the same room.
I want to take contacts and turn them into healthy coffee.
Don't get me wrong.
I'm not talking about free things, because free is not sustainable.
The curious thing about sustainability, you have to sustain it.
What I talk about is to get people to work on the street, take the kids out of the street, who know the joy, the pride and the honor of growing their own food, opening farmers of farmers.
What I want to do here, we have to do it sexy.
I want you all to become ecological recently, gas, gardens gas.
We have to change the script of what a gas is.
If you're not a garden, you're not a grandmaster.
The engineers take their palm OK?
That is their class of choice.
In smoke, if you want to meet with me, well, if you want to see me, don't call me if you want to sit in comfortable chairs and have meetings to talk about making some shit -- to talk about doing some shit.
If you want to see me, they come to the garden with their role so that we could plant something.
peace. Thank you.
Thank you.
(Music sounds)  (Audience noises)  You probably all agree with me in which this is a very nice road.
It's made of affairs, and the asphalt is a good material to drive, but not always, especially not in days like today, where it takes a lot.
You can have a huge amount of water in the asphalt that salvages.
And especially if you go into your bicycle and these cars happen, that's not very nice.
Also, the asphalt can make a lot of noise.
It's a noisy material, and if we build roads, like in the Netherlands, very close to cities, we want a silent road.
The solution for that is to make pure asphalt careers.
The porous, the porous, a material that we use now in most of the roads of the Netherlands, has pores and water can go through it, so all the rainwater water is flowing towards the sides and will have a road that is easy to drive, and they won't be able to jump water again.
Noise will also disappear in these pores too.
Because it's very hard, the whole noise will disappear -- so it's a very silent road.
It also has departments, of course, and the downside of this road is that you can disappear.
What is the destroy? You see that in this road the stone stones come out.
First of all, a stone, then several more and more and more, etc., and then -- well, I won't do that.  But they can give him their paradox, and they will not be happy with that.
And finally, this can also lead to more and more damage.
Sometimes they can create backs with that.
Ah, it's ready.
Backs, of course, can become a problem, but we have a solution.
So here you can actually see how damage comes in this material.
It's a porous, like I said, so it only has a little amount of adjacent between the stones.
Because of the intervention, to the ultraviolet light, the oxygen, this advance, this beautiful, the glue between the laughter, is going to be collected, and if you get excellent, you will become microscopes and you will be separated from the additted.
So if you drive through the road, you will pull the additional additions, as you saw it here.
To solve this problem, we think of cartoonist materials.
If we can make this material approach, then we probably have a solution.
So what we can do is use steel language, from that to clean strings, and we can cut the steel line into very small chunks, and we can mix those little bits with the button.
So we have a little bit of asphalt sharks on it.
Then you need a machine, like the one you see here, you use to cook -- a machine of individuals.
India can calculate, especially the steel, is very good at that.
So what you have to do is heat the steel, melt the button, the Ben flow through these microscopes, and the stones will look again to the surface.
Today I use a microwave oven, because I can't bring the great machine in the stage here.
Microscope is a similar system.
I put the sample, which I'm now going to do to see what happened.
This is the sample that comes out now.
I said we have this kind of industrial machine in the lab to heat the samples.
We tried a lot of samples there, and then the government, they really saw our results, and they thought, "Well, that's really interesting. We have to try it."
So they donated us a piece of roads, 400 feet from the AAA freeway, where we had to do a trial lane to test this material.
So that's what we did there. You see where we were doing the test on the road, and then of course, this road will last several years without any damage. That's what we know about practice.
We took a lot of samples from this road and we tested them in the lab.
We made the samples, we put a lot of load on them, we repair them with our industry machine and repair them, and we went back to it.
We can repeat this many times.
Well, to conclude, I can say that we've made a material using steel fibers incorporating these fibers, using energy energy to actually increase the life of the road, you can even double the life of the road, you can actually save a lot of money with very simple tricks.
And now, of course, they have curiosity of whether this is also working.
We still have the sample here. It's pretty hot.
Actually, you have to focus first before I can show you how the repair act.
But I'm going to do a try.
Let's see. Yes, it worked.
Thank you.
When I was 11 years old, I remember waking up a morning with the sound of the journalist in my house.
My father was listening to BBC News.
He had a big smile in his face that was unusual in those times, because the news generally depression.
"The Taliban were gone out of my father.
I didn't know what it meant, but I could see my father was very, very happy.
"Now you can go to a real school, it said.
One morning I'll never forget.
A real school.
You see, I was six years old when the Taliban came from Afghanistan and made illegal that girls went to school.
For the next five years, I was dressed as a kid to hide my older sister who couldn't be alone to go to a secret school.
It was the only way we could educate them.
Every day, we took a different route so nobody could suspect where we were going.
We had to hide the books in market bags so that it seemed to be that we were shopping.
The school was in a house, more than 100 of us stuck in a small room.
It was nice in the winter but extremely hot.
We all knew that we risk our lives, the teacher, the students and our parents.
Every once in a while, the school closed suddenly for a week, because the Taliban suspended the Taliban.
We always wondered what they knew about us.
Would they be following us?
Did you know where we live?
We were terrified, but still, the school was where we wanted to be.
I was very lucky to grow in a family where education was appreciated and the daughters a theory.
My grandfather was an extraordinary man for his time.
A total incomplete of a remote province of Afghanistan -- I insisted that his daughter, my mother, went to school, and so his father repeated him.
But my educated mother became a teacher.
This is her.
It will retire two years ago, just to convert our home in school for girls and women in our neighborhood.
And my father, this is, was the first of all his family in receiving education.
There was no doubt that his children had to receive education, even their daughters, despite the Taliban.
For him, there was a bigger risk in not to educate their children.
Over the years of the Taliban, I remember there were moments that I was very frustrated by our life, and I was always scared and I didn't see a future.
I wanted to quit, but my father said, "Memory, daughter, you can lose everything you have in life.
You can steal your money. You can force your house during a war.
But there's one thing that will always be with you, which is here and if we have to sell our blood to pay your education, we will.
So don't you want to go on?
I'm 22 years today.
I grew up in a country that has been destroyed by decades of war.
Less than six percent of the women in my age have more than the bacteria, and if my family hadn't been so committed to my education, I would be one of them.
Instead, I find myself here proud to graduate in Mudacillo's College.
When I returned to Afghanistan, my grandfather, who was excluded from his home for the courage to educate his daughters, was one of the first ones to congratulate me.
He didn't just get on my college degree, but also that I was the first woman, and I'm the first woman, who took it driving through the streets of Kabul.
My family believes in me.
I dream big, but my family has even bigger dreams to me.
That's why I'm the global ambassador of 1917, a global campaign to educate women.
That's why I cofounded SOLMW, the first and perhaps the only private school for girls in Afghanistan, a country where it's still risky for girls going to school.
The exciting thing is I see students in my school with the strong desire to harness opportunity.
And I see his parents and their families who, like the mine, advocate for them, despite and still in front of a daunting opposition.
Like America. It's not your real name, and I can't show you his face, but Ahmed is the father of one of my students.
Less than a month, he and his daughter were walking from SOLTIC to his village, and literally they escaped to be killed by a bomb on the road, for minutes.
When they get to his house, they are the phone, a voice was warned that if he kept sending his daughter to school, they would try to try it back.
Show me already, if you want to say, "But I'm not going to hurt the future of my daughter for its old and retrofitted ideas."
What I've realized about Afghanistan, and it's something that is often forgotten in the West, is that behind most of us who are translated, there's a father who recognized the value of his daughter and he sees that the success of her her own success.
It doesn't mean that our mothers have not been key in our success.
In fact, often are the first compelling interests of the bright future of their daughters, but in the context of a society like Afghanistan, we need the support of men.
Under the Taliban the talents, the girls who went to school are located in hundreds -- remember, illegal was illegal.
But today, over three million girls go to school in Afghanistan.
Afghanistan looks so different from here in America.
I find that Americans see the fragility of changes.
I fear these changes don't have a lot, after the U.S. trips of the U.S.
But when I come back to Afghanistan, when I see students in my school and their parents who advocate for them, they encourage them, I see a promotion future and a lasting change.
To me, Afghanistan is a country of hope and possible possibilities, and every day, the girls of SOLTIC remind me.
Like me, they dream big.
Thank you.
I never, I've never forgotten the words of my grandmother who died in the existence, "Hi, resist Gabber.
But you never become a space revolution Gabby."
They have spent almost two years since it was established by the liberal revolution inspired by the waves of mass mobility as much of the Tunisian revolution like the Egyptian revolution.
A force with many other liberal citizens, inside and out of the country to call a day's day and start a revolution against the traditional regime of Gabber.
And we succeeded. It was a big revolution.
Women and young kids were in the vaccine, demanding the fall of the regime, carrying freedom files, dignity and social justice.
They've shown an example of exploiting the brutal dictator of Gabberg.
They've shown a great sense of solidarity from the East Extreme, to the west, to the south.
Finally, after a period of six months of brutal war and a few loss of about 50,000 dead, we managed to release our country and defeat the terror.
However, Gaddafi left a heavy burden -- a legacy legacy and corruption and alternative seeds.
For four decades, the traditional regime of Gaddafi destroyed infrastructure and culture and moral society of liberal society.
So aware of devastation and challenges, I've loved with a lot of other women, rebuild liberal civil society, demanding an inclusive transition and fair towards democracy and national reconciliation.
They were about 200 organizations in Benjamin during and immediately after the fall of Gabbergen. About 300 in Tripleman.
After a 30-year-old period, I went back to Libya, and with a unique enthusiasm I began to organize workshops about developing capabilities and leadership skills.
With an incredible group of women we founded the Liberian Women platform for peace, a movement of women, a movement of women, very diverse orientation, to advocate the social autonomy of women and for our right of equal participation in building democracy and peace.
I found myself with a very difficult environment in the pre-processing period -- an environment that was increasingly polarized -- which is moved from the selfish selfish of domination and exclusion.
Over time, our initiative was approved and successful.
Women won a 17 percent of the National Congress in the first election in 52 years.
However, a little bit of the exhilaration of elections and revolution as a whole, they were disappearing, every day we found news of violence.
One day we woke up with the news of the ancient mosques of old metals and Sufi cars.
Another day I started with the news of the American Embassy and the attack of the consultant.
Another day we woke up with the news of the official assistance of the army.
And every day, every day we wake up with the government of the military and their continual rights of human rights and their lack of respect of law.
Our society, formed by a revolutionary mindset, became more polarized and has been removed from the ideals and principles of freedom, dignity, social justice, we had at the beginning.
Interview, exclusion and revenge became the icons of the consequences of the revolution.
I'm not here today to inspire you with our history of the system of "company crisis and elections.
Rather, I'm here today to tell you that we, as a nation, we choose wrong, we make the wrong decision.
We don't prioritize well.
Because elections didn't bring peace, stability and security to Libya.
The creature list and the alternative between candidates and candidate brought peace and national reconciliation?
No, they didn't.
What happened?
Why does our society continue to be polarized and dominated with selfish and exclusion selfish policies as much as men as women like men?
Maybe what failed wasn't just women, but the female values of compassion, the memory and inclusive.
Our society needs the national dialogue and the creation of consensus more than it needed the choices, which just reinforce polarization and division and divide.
Our nation needs the cultural representation of the female more than need the numerical and quantitative representation of it.
We need to stop acting as agents of outrage, and we need to call the Iranian days.
We need to start acting as agents of compassion and message.
We have to develop a female speech, which not just honor but also put the marketing instead of the revenge. The collaboration instead of the competition, the inclusion instead of exclusion.
These are the ideals that a Libya, destroyed by the war, needs desperately in order to reach peace.
Because peace has an algorithm that is about interaction and alternatives between female perspectives and males.
That's the real creature.
We need to establish that in an existential way before we do it socially.
According to an actual "Star Salage: peace -- it's the word of the message God, programmed, compassion."
At the same time, the word "Rage," which is known in all of the arms traditions -- has the same root in Arabic that the word "Rages" -- cleaning the female and material, which would open all the humanity that men and women, which all tribes and all the towns have embraced.
And so just like the uterus covers completely the embryo, which grows inside, the divine matrix of compassion is the whole existence.
So we are like, "My message would open all the things."
This is what it looks like, "My message present on my anger.
It's all about the grace of the message.
Thank you.
I'm here today to talk to you about a slightly unconscious question, which has an equally unconscious answer.
It's about the secrets of domestic violence, and the question I'm going to address is the ones you all do always -- why is she left?
Why would someone stay with a man who picks him to him?
I'm not a psychiatrist, no social worker, no expert in domestic violence.
I'm just a woman with a story to tell.
I was 22 years old. I had just been in Harvard University.
I had moved to New York for my first job as a writer and editor in Sever magazine.
I had my first apartment. My first green card American Expresses, and I had a very big secret.
My secret was that many, many times, the man, who I created my soul twin -- I was pointing to her head with a pistol with a pillar ball with ballet balls.
The man, when I loved more than anyone in this world, put a pistol in my head and threatened with killing me more times than I can remember.
I'm here to tell you the story of "Look love, a psychological transport, love deaf, where every year millions of women, and even some men.
It could even be your story.
I don't look like a typical survival of domestic violence.
I'm licensed in English at Harvard University, and I have a MBA in March from the White Business School.
I have spent most of my career working for the "Court 500 list, between them Johnson & Johnson, Leo Burth and The Washington Post.
I took almost 20 years married with my second husband and we have three children.
My dog is a black lab and a condition of the Dutch Osegons.
So my first message for you is that domestic violence can happen to anyone, all races, all the religion, all the levels of kidney and education.
It's everywhere.
And my second message is that everybody thinks that domestic violence happens to women, which is a women's problem.
Not exactly.
More than 85 percent of the males are men, and the domestic abuse only happens in intimate relations, independent and long duration or saying in other ways, in the families, the last place where we want or expect to find violence, reason why, the domestic abuse is so disabled.
I would have told you that it would be the last person in the world that would stay with a man who got it, and I was actually a very typical victim because of my age.
I was 22 years old, and in the United States, the women in the age of 16 and 24 years of age have three times more likely to be victims of domestic violence victims than the other ages, and over 500 women and girls of that age are killed every year by partners, novel and abusive dead in the United States.
I was also a typical victim because I didn't know anything about domestic violence, their warning signals or their patterns.
I met Congo in a cold cold night in January.
I was sitting next to my side in New York subway and started to fly with me.
He told me two things.
The first one was that he had just been licensed from a University Lab University and he worked in a very important bank of Wall Street.
But what struck me in that first encounter was that it was ready and fun, and it seemed like a kid of the field.
I had a lot of big moralities like advantages, and a tribe balloon wheat, and it seemed so sweet.
One of the smartest things he did Congo, from the beginning, was to create the illusion that I was the dominant component of the mate.
He did it about all the beginning putting on a penetral.
And we started coming out and loved everything from me, which was smart, who had gone to Harvard, who was put passion to help young girls, and my work.
I wanted to know everything about my family, my childhood, my dreams and illusions.
I had believed in me, as a writer and as a woman, like no one had ever done it.
And it was why the license in that school sense and the work in Wall Street and his brilliant future had so much importance for him.
I didn't know that the first phase in any relationship of domestic violence is to be seduced and make the victim.
And I didn't know that the second step is to isolate it.
Now, the last thing I wanted to do was go from New York and leave my dreams, but I thought I had to make sacrifices for your partner so I accepted my job and Congo and I went together from Manhattan together.
I had no idea that he was falling in a love "Look, which was entering the head in a physical trap. Financial and psychological properties carefully prepared.
The next step in the domestic violence pattern is to introduce the threat of violence to see how it react to it.
And this is where those pills come in.
In terms of the New England you know, that place where I was supposed to feel so safe bought three pills.
One had on the car.
Another guy underneath the pillow in our bed and the third always in his pocket.
And he said I needed those pills because of the trauma that I lived from a little bit.
I needed them to feel safe.
But those pills actually were a message for me, and even though I had never lifted my hand, my life was already in a danger serious -- every minute of every day.
The first U.S. physical attack happened five days before our wedding.
It was seven in the morning and still had the truck.
Five days later, when the 10 walls of my neck had disappeared, I put my mother suit from my mother and married me.
Despite what had happened, I was sure that we were going to live happily forever, because I loved him, and he also wanted me a lot.
And I was very, very rice.
It just had been very upset by the wedding and by the fact of making a family with me.
I had been an isolated accident and I never would make it happen.
I spent twice in our honey moon.
The first time I was driving into a secret beach and lost me, and he gave me so strong in the head that bounces several times against the car window, against the car.
And then a couple of days later, driving back from our honey moon, was saved by traffic and threw me a Big Mac cold to the face.
I came up with one or twice a week for the next two and a half years of our marriage.
I was wrong when I thought it was the only one in this situation.
One in three American women is victims of domestic violence or access at some point in their life, and the Disease Control Center reported that every year 15 million children are matters, 15 million.
So, actually, I had very good company.
Going back to my question: Why did I go?
The answer is simple.
I didn't know he was abusing me.
On the contrary, I was a very strong woman, fell in love with a deeply analyzed man, and it was the only person in the world who could help Congo to face their democratic.
The other question that everybody is doing is, why don't you just marry?
Why didn't I go? I could have gone at any time.
And to me, this is the saddest and painful question that people do, because we victims, we know something that you normally ignore -- it's incredibly dangerous to abandon a male.
Because the last phase in the pattern of domestic violence is to kill it.
More than 70 percent of the murder in cases of domestic violence happen after the victim has gone end to the relationship, after they died, because then the abuse has nothing to lose.
Other implications include the permanent access, even after the abuse has gone back to married, financial resources, and manipulation of the family justice system to land the victim and their children, who usually are forced by judges to spend time not supported with the man who would stick their mother.
And we still keep asking why it's just not going?
I was able to go, because of a last party salaa that I sold my denial.
I realized the man who loved so much, would have killed me if I had allowed it.
So I broke the silence.
I told everybody in the world to the police, to my neighbor, to my friends and family, to my friends, and I'm here today because all of you helped me.
We have the tendency to stereotype victims like smashed headlines, authoritarian women, damaged women.
The question, "Why are you staying?
For some people is a way to say, "The guilt is its leave for leaving, as if victims choose to interact in love with men who want to destroy us.
But since I published "The love "Look, I've heard stories of men stories and women who were also scanned. They learned an unexpected lesson of what happened to them and who refused their lives and happy lives like employees, husbands and mothers, and completely free violence, like mine.
Because it turns out I'm actually a victim and a survival of domestic violence violence.
I became married with a cute and a nice, and we have these three children.
I have that black lab and also that minister.
What I won't go back to have never even more, too, is a charged pistol pointing on my head in hands of somebody who says I want.
At this point, they are just thinking, "Hall, that's fascinating." or "Hall, what stupid it was, but all this time I've actually been talking about you.
I assure you there are a few people, which are listening to me right now, that they're being made or that they were a little bit or that they're advanced themselves.
The male could be affecting his daughter, his sister, his best friend right now.
I was able to end my crazy love love by breaking the silence.
And I keep doing it today.
It's my way to help other victims, and it's my last request to you.
Talk about what you've heard here.
The abuse thrive only in silence.
They have the power to end domestic violence simply throwing light on it.
victims, we need everybody to need the world.
We need each of you to understand the secrets of domestic violence.
They take the matrix to the light talking about it with their children, their job, their friends and family.
They account their view of survivors like fantastic and farmers and lovely who have a full future.
They recognize the early signs of violence to engage consciously, to slow their climb and show victims a safe room.
Together, we can turn our bed, our tables and our families in the safe and peaceful oasis that should be.
Thank you.
Hello. My name's Cameron Russell, and for a while, I'm a model.
To be precise, for 10 years now.
And I feel that right now there is an awkward tension in the room because it should not be dressed like this.  Luckily, I've brought clothes to change.
This is the first piece of clothes on a TED stage, so you have a lot of lucky to preserve it, I think.
If some of the women were horrified when they came up, they don't have to focus out now, but I'll find it later on Twitter.
I also want to point out that I have the privilege of being able to change what you think of me in just 10 seconds.
Not everybody has that opportunity.
These guys are very uncomfortable -- less bad than I don't have to use them.
The worst part is to pass this sweater through your head, because it's when you're going to laugh for me, so you don't do anything while I cover your head.
All right.
Why have I done this?
It's been embarrassing.
Well, I hope not as much as this picture.
Appearance is powerful, but it also superstars.
I've changed totally what they thought about me in six seconds.
And in this picture, I had never had a novel in real life.
I was totally uncomfortable, and the photographer told me that he would take the back, and he would take the hair of the kid.
Of course, except with surgery or artificial brown like the one that I made two days ago for work, there are very little we could do to transform our looks, which, even though superficial and immediately, has a big impact in our lives.
So today, to me, will be brave means to be honest.
I'm on this stage because I'm a model.
Because I'm a nice, white woman, and in my workforce, that's being a sexy girl.
I'm going to answer the questions that people always do, but it would be significant.
The first question is, how do you get to be model?
And I always say, a catalog discovered, but that doesn't mean anything.
The real reason I became model is because it won the genetic lottery, and I'm the benefit of a heritage and maybe you're wondering what this heritage is.
Well, in the last few centuries, we have not only defined beauty as health, youth and symmetry, which we are biologically programmed to admire too, we've also associated it to a high and a figure from the figure and the feminist and a white skin.
And that is my heritage that I've been able to take advantage to make money.
And I know that there are people in the audience that are now scared now, and maybe there are some lovers of the fashion that they say. Wait -- there are Namia, Tarban, Joan Sisters, Li West.
First of all, the happy to know so much of models. It's amazing.
But unfortunately, I have to report that in 2007, a Ph.D. student at the University of New York told each and every one of the models in the runway, and from the 67 models contract, only 27 -- that was less than four percent, weren't white.
The next question that people always ask me is: Could it be model when it's growth?
And my first answer is: I don't know, I don't love that.
But then, what I really would tell each of these girls is, why? You can be what you want.
You can be president from the United States, or the inventor of the next Internet, or a nanopatch circle surgeon, which would be awesome, because you would be the first one.
If after this spectacular list, I still insisted, no, no, Cameron -- I want to be a model, then I say, "I know my boss, I know.
Because I am not in charge of anything, and you could be the head of reduction of the American American magazine or the CEO of HIV, or the next Steven Messel.
To say that more you want to be model is like saying you want to win the lottery when you are larger.
It's out of your control, it's amazing, and it's not a work you can choose.
I'm going to show you all I learned in 10 years as a model, because unlike the cardiac surgery, it can be summed right now.
I don't know what happened there.
Unfortunately, once you've done your studies, and you have a curriculum and a few jobs to your backs, no matter what you say, you want to say, if you want to be president from the United States, but your culture said, "Model of inner clothes for 10 years, people will look weird.
The next question that people are always doing is if all the pictures are retropy.
And yes, virtually all the pictures, but that's just a little part of what happens.
This was the first picture they took me, and also the first time I used a biologist, and I didn't even have my period.
I know we're entering the personal domain, but it was a girl.
This is how I put my grandmother a few months earlier.
These two pictures are the same day.
My friend came with me.
Here I am in a few days before the photos for the French Voca.
Here I am with my football team and the magazine V.
And this is me.
And I hope you realize that I'm not myself in those photos.
They are creation of a group of professionals, flowers, machinery, photographers and statistics, and all of their aid and post-conflict people, and they managed to create this. That's not me.
Well, the next question that people always ask me is: Do you get things free things?
I have too many 20 inches and I never use, except the couple before, but the privilege I get are the ones I get in real life, and that we don't like to talk about.
I grew up in Cambridge, and I once went to a store and I forgot to wear money, and they gave me the free very free.
When I was a teenager, I was traveling with my friend who was a driver past, and he jumped a red symptom, and of course, they stopped us, and of course, they stopped us, and I had a little bit of a sorry, agents to keep driving down.
I enjoy these privilege for my looks, not what I am. And there are people who are paying a price for their own without matter who they are.
I live in New York, and last year, from the 140,000 teenagers who were being stopped and recorded -- 86 percent were black and Latino and most of them were young men.
And there are only 17,000 and Latino young people in New York, so for them, it's not a question of me?
And how many times are you going to stop me? And what?
When I research for this talk, I found out that 53 percent of the 13 year-old girls in the United States don't like their body, and that number goes up to 78 percent at 17.
So the last question that people ask me is: How is life from a model?
And I think the answer you expect is, if you're a little bit more thin and you have the brightest hair, you will feel very happy and stupid.
And behind cameras, we give an answer that maybe it looks like this.
We say, it's really wonderful to travel, and also incredible to work with creative people, ingenious and passionate people.
And all of that is true, but it's just a part of what happens, because what we never say in front of the cameras, what I have never said in front of them, is: I'm insecure.
And I am because I have to worry about my aspect every day.
And if you ever ask yourself, with some more thin legs and the most brilliant hair to be happier happier?
They only have to meet with a group of models, because they have the most thin legs and the brightest hair and the clothes of clothes, but probably it is the most physical women on the planet.
But especially it was hard to analyze a situation of racial and gender and gender situation when I am one of the biggest benefits.
If there is something to retain from this talk, I hope you all feel more comfortable by recognizing the power of the image in perception that we have from success and failure.
Thank you.
Photography has been my passion since I was older enough to turn a camera, but today I want to share with you my 15 most precious pictures, and I didn't go to me who took them.
There were no artistic directors, no statistics, no opportunity to repeat the photos, not even a minimum care in the lighting light.
In fact, most of them took the random tourists.
My story begins when, meeting me in New York City to give a possibility, my wife took me this picture holding my daughter in the day of his first birthday. That's the season of 57 and 5.
He gave the chance that we went back to New York just a year later, so we decided to take the same picture.
Well, you can imagine what comes now.
When the third birthday of my daughter, my wife told me, why don't you take wise to New York to New York on a harmful trip and you continue the ritual the ritual?
This is when we started asking the tourists that were going to take us the picture.
It's amazing that the gesture of bringing the camera to a complete unknown complete is so universal.
No one has ever been denied and, fortunately, never has ever heard of the camera.
So we weren't aware of how much life would change this journey.
It became something sacred for us.
This picture is a few weeks after 9/11, and I had to explain to my daughter what had happened that day so a five-year-old girl could understand it.
These pictures are much more than representations of a concrete moment or a specific journey.
They're also a way to stop time in a week of October, and we can reflect on our time and our evolution over the years, and not only the physical level, but in all the senses.
Because, although we always pull the same picture, our perspective changes, my daughter reaches new children, and I can see life through his eyes and how it perceives and interact with everything.
That time in concrete that we spend together is something we hope with illusion all year.
Recently, in one of the travel, we were walking down, when suddenly he stopped in dry and pointed a red tunnel from the slide of dolls that I would take a little bit in previous sight.
And I described what I had felt at the age of five years in that same place.
He began to remember his heart beating the force to see that place for the first time nine years ago.
And now what I look at in New York are universities, because it's decided to study in New York.
And suddenly I understood that one of the most important things that we create are memories.
So I want to share the idea of engaging in the conscious creation of memories.
I don't know about you, but besides these 15 pictures, I don't go out in many of the family photos.
I'm always the one who takes the picture.
Today I want to encourage you all to appear in the picture, and they don't doubt to zoom up to someone and ask them, "Did you take a picture?
Thank you.
I wanted to talk about a very special group of animals.
There are 10,000 species of birds in the world.
The boards are in the most threatened bird group.
First of all, why do they have so bad press?
It also has been associated with Disney laughs as mental characters, silly students, stupid.
More recently, if you've been following laughter Kenyan press, applause and applications, these are the attributes that associate with the Kenyan Parliament. But I don't accept it.
I don't accept it. You know why?
Because the members of Parliament don't keep the environment.  The parliament they don't help prevent disease radiation.
There's a lot of money.   They're far away from extinction.  And my favorite, the boards have better presence.   There are two kinds of walls on this planet.
There are the New World wars that are mainly in the Americas, like codes and charges, and the Olympics World Walks -- where we have 16 species of these 16, 11 species facing a high risk of extinction.
So why are you important? First of all, they provide vital ecological services, clean up.
It's our nature recordings of natural garbage.
They clean the cadavers to the bone.
They help kill all bacteria. They help absorb the anthrax that not to be for them, and it would cause huge loss of livestock and diseases in other animals.
Recent studies have shown that in areas where there are no boats, the carcasses take three to four times longer to display, and this has huge branching in the spread of disease.
The bombs also have huge historical importance.
They've been associated to ancient Egyptian culture.
New York was the symbol of the protein and the maternity and, along with the copper -- they simplified the unit between the Alto and the Egypt Beeijs.
In the Indian mythology, Jackson was the boy book, and he risked his life to save the Silley Dead of 10 Karbucas Devil.
In the Tibetan culture, they do very important entrepreneurs to open sky -- in places like Tibet -- there's no place to bury the dead, or wood to create them, so these birds provide a natural disposal system.
What's the problem with the bumps?
We have eight shorts in Kenya, which six are in extreme threats of extinction.
The reason is that they're being engineered, and the reason they're being poisoned is because there are conflicts between humans and factory. The grasslands are using this venom against predators, and as a consequence, the boards are victims of this.
In South Asia, in countries like India and Pakistan, four supply species are in the critical danger list, which means that in less than 10 or 15 years will be extinct, and the reason is because they fall prey from the livestock consumption that has been treated with an analog drug like Dickenal.
This drug has been banned for veterinary use in India and have taken a posture.
Because there are no boats, there's been a spread in the number of choreographers of cardboard versions, and when you have street dogs, you have a huge pump of time for Arabic -- the number of cases of Arabic has increased enormously in India.
Kenya is going to have one of the largest wind parks in Africa, 350 army reserves are going to be up from Lake Lush.
I'm not against wind energy, but we have to work with governments, because wind turbines do this to birds -- they cut them through half.
They're airplane trips.
In Western Africa, there's a horrible trade of dead boards to serve the bronze and the fecalized market.
So what are you doing? Well, we're researching these birds. We're putting these transportations.
We're trying to determine their basic ecology, and see where they go.
We can see that they travel by different countries, so focusing on a local problem is not going to serve anything.
We need to work with governments in regional levels.
We're working with local communities.
We're talking to them about appreciating the boards, about the need to appreciate these wonderful creatures and services that provide them.
How can they help? It can become active -- to make noise. They can write a letter to their government and tell them, we have to focus on these very unconscious creatures, donate their time to diffuse the word.
When they come out of this room, they will be informed about the bombs, but they talk to their families, with their children, with their neighbors about the boards.
They're very elegant. Charles Darwin said that it changed the opinion because I saw them fly without effort, without energy spending in the heavens.
Kenya, this world, will be much more poor without these wonderful species.
Thank you very much.
Every thing I did and everything I do -- my life has been molded for seven years of work during my youth in Africa.
From 1971 to 1977, I -- young, but I'm not I'm not --   I worked in Zambia, Kenya, Costa of Marito, Argentina and Somalia, in technical cooperation projects with African countries.
I worked for an Italian NGO and every project we set in Africa.
And I was perfect.
I thought, at the age of 21, the Italians were good people, and we were doing a good job in Africa.
Instead of that, everything we did is we accepted it.
Our first project, which inspired my first book, "Wow of the Zazza, was a project where we decided to teach people from Zambia.
So we get to Italian seeds to the south of Zambia to this absolutely magnificent valley that descends into the Zazzer River, and we teach local total tomatoes and called called called called the Italian and called called locals.
Of course, people weren't at absolutely interested in doing that, so we paid them to come to work, and sometimes they didn't help.  We were astonished that local local locals, they didn't have agriculture.
However, instead of asking them how it was possible that they didn't grow anything, we just said, "Thank God we're here."  Right now to save people in the humble of the humble."
And of course, everything in Africa became beautifully.
We got these magnificent tastes. In Italy, a tomato would grow this size. In Zambia, this size.
And we couldn't believe it, we were telling the shifts, "Look what easy is agriculture.
When the tomatoes were pretty, modern and red and red, at night to morning, about 200 pictures appeared from the river and ate everything.  And we said to the shifts, "Oh my God, we have them."
And the been they said, "Yes, that's why we don't have agriculture there."  "Why didn't they say that? You never asked it."
I thought that only we in the Italians we made mistakes in Africa, but then I saw what Americans did, what the English did, what the French did, and then to see what they were doing, I felt pretty proud of our project in Zambia.
Because, as you see, at least we feed the hypothesis.
You should see the waste.  You should see the waste that we gave them to the people of Africa.
He wants to read a book, he read "Harvard Mount, of Dambar Mount, the service economy.
The book was published in 2009.
We, the Western donor countries, we've delivered the African continent two million dollars in the last 50 years.
I'm not going to tell you about the damage that money has caused it.
They just read their book.
Take a part of a African woman, the damage we've done.
The Westerners are improvisational, colonizer missions, and we treat people only in two ways, or we are passionate, or we're patrons.
The two words come from the Latin root rate, which means "do parent."
However, they mean two different things.
Patrology, I deal with anyone in a different culture as if they were my children, "I want you."
Patrologist, I deal with everyone in a different culture as if they were my services.
So white in Africa are called basically, basic.
And that book gave me a shot in the face. The little thing is beautiful, written by Schambone, who said for about all economic development, if people don't want to be help, let them alone alone.
This should be the first principle of aid.
The first principle of aid is to respect it.
This morning, the gentleman who opened this conference put a cane on the ground and said, can you imagine a city that isn't necessarily?
I decided at the age of 27 years to only respond to people, and invented a system called company Compassion where you never start anything, you never start to motivate anyone, but it becomes a service of local passion, the service of the local people who have sleep to become a better person.
So what do you do? It's street.
I also got to a community with an idea, and it sits with the people of the local.
We don't work from the offices.
We met in a coffee. We met in a pub.
We have zero infrastructure.
And what do we do? We become friends, and we figure out what the person wants to do.
The most important thing is passion.
You can give someone to somebody else.
If that person doesn't want to do that, what's going to do?
The passion that she has for his own growth is the most important thing.
The passion that man has for its own personal growth is the most important thing.
And then we help them find knowledge because nobody in the world can be successful alone.
The person with the idea may not have knowledge, but knowledge is available.
So years and years ago, I had this idea, why not us, for once instead of getting to a community to tell people what to do, why not, for one time, we hear them? But not in community meetings.
Let me tell you a secret.
There's a problem with community meetings.
The entrepreneurs are never assigned, and they will never tell you, in a public meeting, what they want to do with their own money, what opportunity they have identified.
So planning has this blind point.
The smartest people in their community, you don't even know them, because they don't take their public meetings.
What do we do? We work one to one, and we work face to face, you have to create social infrastructure, which doesn't exist.
You must create a new teacher.
The profession is the family physician of company, the family physician of business, which is established with you in your house, at the table of your kitchen, in your coffee, and that helps you find resources to transform your passion in a way of making your life.
I started this as a test in Spain, West Australia.
I was making a Ph.D. at that time, trying to get away from this contemporary garbage where we got to tell you what to do.
In one year, I had 27 projects, and the government came to me to see to ask, "How can you do that?
How can you do it? And I said, "I did something very, very, very hard.
I shut up and listened to you.  So the government says, "Make it again."  We've done it in 300 communities in the world.
We've helped to start 40,000 businesses.
There's a new generation of entrepreneurs that are dying of loneliness.
Peter Drug, one of the largest corporate advice advice in history, failed at 99, a few years ago.
Peter Drug was a philosophy professor before I was involved in business, and this is what Peter Drug says, "The planning is actually incompatible with a society and an innovative company economy.
Planning is the kiss of death of the corporate spirit.
So now you have to rebuild Christopher without knowing what the most autistic people in Christopher want to do with their own money and their own energy.
You have to learn how to get these people to come up with you.
You have to offer them confirmation, privacy, has to be fantastic by helping them, and then they will be able to get to the mass.
In a community of 10,000 people, we got 200 customers.
Can you imagine a community of 400,000 people, intelligence and passion.
What are you presenting to do more this morning.
Local people. That's what you have applied.
So what I tell you is that the entrepreneurial spirit is where it is.
We are at the end of the first industrial fuel of fossil fuel fuels, manufacturer, and from one moment to another, we have systems that are not sustainable.
The internal combustion engine is not sustainable.
The brakes as a way of holding machinery is not sustainable.
What we need to consider, is how we nutrition, curiosity, education, transport communicating to seven billion people, in a sustainable way.
There are no technologies to do it.
Who is going to invent technology for green revolution -- the universities -- Operate."
The government? Forget it.
They'll be the entrepreneurs and they're doing it now.
There's a remarkable story that I read in a future magazine many, many years ago.
There was a group of experts that were invited to debate the future of New York City in the year 1863.
And in the year 1868, this group of people came together, and they speculate to what would happen to New York City in 100 years, and the conclusion was "unique, New York City wouldn't exist within 100 years.
Why? Because they looked at the curve and they sat, if the population stays growing into this rate, to bring the population in New York to the surroundings, they would require six million horses, and the manure produced by six million horses would be impossible to address.
They were already becoming a seriously.  So in 1860, they were splitting this technology that was going to give up New York life.
So what happens? In the next 40 years, in 1900, the United States appeared 100 companies automatic manufacturing companies, 2001.
The idea of finding a different technology was absolutely absorbed and there were very few scales, scales, factories in parallel places.
Derman, Michigan. Henry Ford Ford.
However, there is a secret to work with entrepreneurs.
First of all, you have to offer them confirmation.
Otherwise, they're not going to be conversation with you.
Then you have to offer them an absolute -- dedicated service, enthusiastic service.
And potentially, you're going to have to tell you the truth about the entrepreneur.
The smallest company, the biggest company, has to be able to do three magnificent things -- the product that you want to sell has to be fantastic, you have to have a fantastic commercial, and you have to count with an financial administrative student.
You know what?
We've met a single human being in the world that can do, sell and look for money alone.
There is no exist.
This is still not born.
We've been research and observed to the 100 companies of the Carnegie world, Westerning, Edison Editory, all new companies, Google Carolina.
There is only one thing that all successful companies in the world have in common, only one: none of them was started by one person.
I was never the word "I was, but the word "we," 32 times.
He wasn't just when he started.
Nobody starts a company alone. No one.
So we can create the community where we have facilities, who come from an environment of small businesses sitting in coffee cafeteria, in bars next to their dedicated drugs who will do for you, what someone did for this gentleman who speaks to this epiphany, somebody who will ask you, what do you need?
What can you? Can you do it?
Well, can you sell it? Can you look for the money?
"Oh, no, I can't do that." "Would you want him to look for someone for?"
We activate communities.
Thank you.
Those around us can help us in many ways to improve our lives.
We don't know all the neighbors, so we don't have a lot of knowledge even though we are sharing the same public spaces.
In the last few years I've tried to share more with my neighbors in public space, with simple tools like substances, plants and chalk.
These projects came from questions like, how much pay my neighbors for their apartments?
How can we push and ask more things without calling the door in a bad time?
How do we share more memories from our abandoned buildings and understanding better our landscape?
How do we share more our hopes to empty stores so that our communities can reflect our needs and sleep?
I live in New Orleans and I am in love with New Orleans.
My soul always finds relief with giant robots that give shadows to lovers and robots and smiles from a centuries ago and trust in a city.
That always gives the music.  There's a waste in New Orleans.  The city has one of the most beautiful architects in the world, but also one of the most beautiful properties of the U.S.
I live near this house and I thought how I could turn it into a more enjoyable space for the neighborhood and also something that changed my life forever.
In 2009 I lost somebody who loved a lot.
It was John, as a mother for me.
Her death was repeated and unexpected.
I thought a lot about death and death.
And this produced me a deep gratitude for living and living time.
I gave clarity to the significant things of my life today.
But I want to keep this look in my daily life.
It seems to me that it's easy to let it go through the day and forget what really important for one.
So with the help of old friends and new friends transformed the wall of this house abandoned on a giant slate and painted on her phrases to completely completely completely, "Before I die I want to die."
So transportations could take a cup, reflect about their lives and share personal aspirations in public space.
I didn't know what to wait from this experiment, but the next day the wall was replaced and kept covering it.
And I'd like to share some things that people wrote on the wall.
"In order to die I want to be judged by paradox."  Before I die I want to sit in the line of character change."
Before I die I want to sing for millions of people.
"In order to die I want to plant a tree.
Before I die I want to live out of the network."
Before I die I want to embrace it once more."
"In order to die I want to go to the rescue of somebody else.
Before I die I want to be completely myself."
This abandoned space was constructed and the dreams and hope of people made me laugh to carry, and they disappeared, and they gave me a tough time for hard times.
It's about knowing that you're not alone. It's about understanding our neighbors in new and electronics ways, and it's about giving the reflection and the pollution, and to remember what is most important for us as we grow and change.
This happened last year, and I started getting hundreds of messages of passionate people who wanted to make a wall in their community.
So with my colleagues in the civic center we made a kit, and now they've made walls in countries around the world, like Kazakhstan, South Africa, Australia and beyond.
So we demonstrate the power of our public spaces if they give us the opportunity to express and share each other.
Two of the most valuable things we have are time and our relationships with other people.
In our age of distributions, it's more important than ever, finding ways of preserving perspective and remembering that life is brief.
death is something that we often avoid talking about, or even thinking, but I understood that preparing for death is one of those things that trust us more power.
Think of the climate death our life.
Our shared spaces can be better reflecting what matters us as individuals and as a community and with more media to share hope, fears and stories, people around us not only can help improve places, can help improve our lives.
Thank you.
Thank you.
I have a single request today.
Please don't tell me that I'm normal.
Now I'd like to introduce you to my sisters.
Remember is 22 years old, it's high and very hot.
It doesn't talk, but transmitted joy better than some of the best speakers.
And he knows what love is love.
The sharing thing is consumed by what happens.
It's not analytic. It doesn't look at the color of the skin.
You don't care about the religious differences and you think about it: Never lie.
When you sing songs of our childhood, trying to make words that I can't even get to myself, I remember one thing: how little we know about mind and how wonderful it should be the unknown.
Samuel is 16 years old. It's high. It's very guard.
It puts memory more implication.
However, it's a selective memory.
I didn't remember if I stole my chocolate, but I remember the year in which every single song of my iPod came out, conversations that we kept when I was four years old, making me captured in my arm during the first episode of the Telescopes and the Lady Gaga birthday.
Doesn't it look amazing?
But most people don't.
And in fact, because your minds don't adjust the concept of society, often are ignored and unconscious.
But what struck my heart and posed my soul was that even if that was the case, although they wouldn't consider them within the ordinary thing, that could only mean one thing: that they were extraordinary -- autistic and extraordinary.
Now, for those less familiar with the term "stranger," it's a complex brain disorder that affects social communication, learning and sometimes to physical skills.
In every individual it's manipulated in each individual that Remins is so different to Sam.
And all over the world, every 20 minutes, you diagnose a new case of autism, and even though it's one of the disorders of development that are faster in the world, there is no cause or cure, no cure.
I don't remember my first encounter with autism, but I don't remember one day without him.
I had only three years when my brother came to the world, and I was very excited about having a new self in my life.
When a few months passed, I realized he was different.
He was a lot.
I didn't want to play like the other babies and in fact, it didn't seem very interested in me at all.
He went alive and he was released in his own world, with his own rules, and he found pleasure in the smallest things, like putting the cars in row around the room, looking at the washing washing and eating anything that was between the media.
As I grew up, it became more different, and the differences were more evident.
But beyond the brown, frustration and interstable hypertext, there was something really unique -- a pure nature and innocent nature, a child that saw the world without precipitations, a human being that had never lied.
Extraordinary.
I can't deny that there have been some tough moments in my family, moments where I wish they were just like me.
But I look back at the things that have taught me about individuality, communication and love, and I realize that they are things that didn't want to change by normal.
Now nature goes through the beauty that give us the differences and the fact of being different.
It just means there's a different view of what is right.
If I could convey a single thing to Remins and Sam and you, it would be that they don't have to be normal.
They can be extraordinary.
Because, autistic or not, the differences we have. They are a gift. Each of us has a gift in their inner and honestly, the pursuit of nature is the last society of potential.
The opportunity for gravity, progress and change dies at the time when we try to be like others.
Please don't tell me that I'm normal.
Thank you.
Five years ago, I experienced a little bit what has been Alice in the Marines country.
Penn State asked me to myself, a communications teacher, who would give a kind of communication to graduate students.
I was scared --  As a result of truth -- scared of these students with his big minds, their big books and their big and unknown words.
But when you developed those conversations, I felt what Alice should have felt when I fell through the colleague hole and saw the door of a new world.
I just felt like I had those conversations with the students, and I was surprised by the ideas that they had, and I wanted others to experience this wonderful world.
And I think the key to open that door is a great communication.
We desperately need a great communication of our scientists and engineers in order to change the world.
Our engineers and engineers are the ones that are attacking our biggest challenges from energy to the environment and care of health, among others, and if we don't know about this, the work is not done, and I think it's our responsibility as not scientists to have these interactions.
But these big conversations cannot happen if our scientists and engineers don't invite us to see their wonderful world.
So scientists and engineers, please stay with simplicity.
I want to share some suggestions about how you can do it to make sure that your science is sexy and your engineering is attractive.
First question to say, and then what?
Tell us why science is relevant to us.
They don't just tell us that they study traditions, but they study the traditions, which are the mesh structure of our bones because it's important to understand and treat oil out of the oil.
And when they're describing their science, carefully with jargon.
The beer is an obstacle for our understanding of their ideas.
Sure, you can say "space and temperature, but why not say space and time -- which is much more accessible to us?
Make them accessible is not the same as making them dumb.
Instead, as Einstein said, that everything is as simple as possible, but not simple.
They can clearly communicate their science without compromise the ideas.
So something to consider is to use examples, stories and analogies -- they're ways to be able to link and engage with their content.
And by presenting their work, forget about the same ball."
They have wondered why they're called balls?  What do the balls do? The bullets kill and kill their presentation.
A film like this is not just boring, but it supports too much in the language of our brain and overwhelmed us.
Instead, this example of Gene Brown is much more effective. It shows that the special structure of the trajectory is so strong that I really inspired the unique design of the Eiffel Tower Tower Tree.
The trick here is to use a simple sentence -- legal, that the audience can understand if you lose a little bit, and then you will provide graphs that appeal to our other senses and create a deeper sense of understanding of what is described.
I think these are just some key keys that can help others open the door and see the country of the wonders that science and engineering.
And so, scientists and engineers, when they have solved this equation, all over the media, helpful with simplicity.  Thank you.
One of my favorite words from all of the Oxford English dictionary is sustainable."
It's just because it sounds very well.
And supporting it means "good politically."
Although there was a periodic editor of the 19th century that I defined it much better when he said, "A subject is that it looks for a public burden without important matter, platform or principle, and that, when you win, you get it for the use of a monitoring reformative monkey."
I have no idea what it means "resilience."
Something to do with words, I guess.
It's very important that words are the basis in politics, and that all politicians know that they have to try to dominate the language.
It wasn't until -- for example, 1777 that the British Parliament allowed newspapers to quote the exact words that were said in the parliament chamber.
And all of this was because of the brave of a guy with the name of Brazil Cross, who faced the parliament to Parliament.
They got in the London Tower and they window, but he had enough to face them, and finally had such popular support in London who won.
And just a few years later, we had the first registered use of the phrase "Asian as well as metaphor."
Most people think it's literally.
It's not. It's by a freedom of expression freedom.
But to show you really how words and politics interact, I want you to return to the United States, right after independence.
So, they had to address the question of how to call George Washington, his leader.
They didn't know.
How do you call the replacement of a Republican country?
This was developed in Congress for a long time.
All kinds of suggestions were presented that could have failed.
Some of you wanted to call it "The Washington "Terrible "The Washington and others, and others, "The Alto George Washington, and other "Deposits of the American village Population."
Not very attractive.
Some just wanted to call it "Reyed."
They thought it was quite quality.
And it didn't even be money, they had the idea that you could be elected King for a certain term.
And I could have served it.
Everybody gets immensely tired because this debate was protected for three weeks.
I read a daily poor, and I always wrote, still with this topic."
What caused the portrait and the until was that the Company of Representatives was against the Senate.
The Company of Representatives didn't want Washington to embark of power.
They didn't want to call it King for whether he gave him to his own ideas.
So they wanted to give it the most modest title, more inevitable and more unfortunate than they were happening.
And that title was "Profile."
President. They didn't invent the title -- there was before, but it only meant somebody who gives a meeting."
It was like the president of a jury.
And I didn't have much more grandfall than the term "called "cartoon or supercomputer."
There were an evolutionary president of small colonial aid aid aid and government failures -- but it was really a intensive title.
And that's why the Senate is optimistic.
They said, "It's ridiculous, we can't call it President."
"This guy has to sign treated and meet with foreign digitally.
"And who will take me seriously, with such a ridiculous and insignificant title as President of America?
And finally, after three weeks of debate, the Senate didn't.
We can learn three interesting things about this.
First of all, and this is my favorite until I've been able to figure out, the Senate has never been represented by the title of President.
President Barack Obama is lucky to keep on there, waiting for Senate to be in action.
The second thing we can learn is that when a government says that a measure is temporary --  as possible that we keep waiting 232 more years.
But the third thing we can learn, and this is the most important thing, and with this I want to leave you, is that the U.S. President of America doesn't sound at all so modest today, right?
Especially if you have more than 5,000 nuclear heads in device, the largest economy in the world and a fleet of red air vehicles and so on.
The reality and history has delivered the degree of graduate.
So at the end of the day, they won the Senate.
They got their tent of respect.
And also the other concern of the Senate, the system of uniqueness -- well, it was a uniqueness then.
But you know how many nations have you now present?
And everything wants to sound like the guy who has 5,000 nuclear heads, etc.
So, at the end of the Senate won and the House of Reports lost, because nobody is going to feel humble when they tell them that they are now the president of the United States.
And I think that's the great lesson we can learn, and what I'd like to leave with.
politicians try to choose and use the words to shape and control reality, but really, the music reality is much more words than what these might change reality.
Thank you very much.
I'm 45 to meters under land in a illegal mine of Ghana.
The air is loaded with heat and dust, and it's hard to breathe.
I feel the rock of sweat bodies in the dark, but I can't see much more.
I hear voices that talk to you, but above all, that capability of male towers and stones are involved with primitive tools.
Like others, it takes a cheap light of tiny light to the head with this analogy analysis, and I can barely distinguish the branches that hold the walls of that hole of a meter that falls hundreds of meters on the ground.
And it was restricted by my hand, and suddenly I remember a mining that I met days before, which lost control and fell interstate meters in that time.
As I talk to you today, these men are at the deep of that hole risk their lives without paying and often dying.
I came home from that hole and I went home, but they may never do it, because they are prey of slavery.
In the last 28 years, I was documenting native cultures in over 70 countries in six continents, and in 2009, I had the great honor of being the only exhibition in the Cum Peace Cum.
Among all the amazing people I met there I met a French integrate of French," an NGO that's dedicated to eradicate modern slavery.
We started talking about slavery and really, I started learning about slavery because I knew there was in the world but not such a degree of it.
When we ended up talking to me, I felt very wrong, I was embarrassed to ignore this atrocities of our days and I thought, if I don't know, how many people don't know?
I was made a number of the stomach, and I weeks later, I flew to Los Angeles to meet the director of Freedom the Solars and offer my help.
So I started my journey to modern slavery.
Interestingly, I had been in many of these places.
Some even, I considered them my second home.
But this time, the dirty trains are ventilated.
A conservative calculation says that there are currently more than 27 million disabled people in the world.
It's twice of the amount of Africans displaced throughout the entire transatlantic slave trafficking.
150 years ago, the cost of an agricultural slave was about three times the annual salary of a U.S. worker.
The equivalent of about 50,000 today.
However, today you can enslave entire families by generations by generating debt debt developments.
Surprisingly, slavery generates profits of over 13 billion dollars a year around the world.
Many have been dealed with false promises of good education and better work to then discover that they're forced to work without pay, under threat of violence and can't escape.
Today the slavery operates in trade, the goods produced by slaves have value, but those who produce them are disappeared.
Slimp exists in almost everybody and yet, it's illegal around the world.
In India and Nepal, I met brick horrible.
This strange and sensitive spectacle was like entering the old Egypt or the hell.
In a temperature of 54 C, men, women, children, in fact, the whole families wrapped into a heavy powder of dust, they stack mechanically brick in their heads, to 18 at a time, and take them from the arms of the arms to trucks that are hundreds of meters.
Designer in the monkey and the cancer work in silence, doing this task over and over again for 16 or 17 hours a day.
There were no paintings to eat, not to drink, and severe despair was going to be quite interesting.
So penguins were the heat and the dust that my camera became too hot to the touch, and stop working.
Every 20 minutes, I had to run the car to clean the team and make it work with air conditioning to revive it, and sitting there, I thought, my camera gets a lot better treatment than these people.
Back in the hormones I wanted to cry, but the abandon that I was on my side quickly grabbed me and said, "Listen, don't do it. Don't do it."
And it explained to me very clearly that demonstrate emotions is very dangerous in places like this, not just for me, but for them.
I couldn't offer you any direct help.
I couldn't give you money, nothing.
I was not a city of that country.
I could put them in a worse situation than they were already already gone.
I had to trust Freedom the Solars and work inside the system for the liberation and trust that they would get it.
In terms of me, I waited to get home to feel my heart heart.
In the Himalayas, I found children carrying rocks for miles by mountains to the trucks that were waiting down.
Those big plants were smaller than the kids who would charge them and the kids are holding them into their heads with emails made of sticks, ropes and hungry.
It's hard to present something so drug.
How can we influence something so instinctive, but so implication?
Some don't even know that they're slaves and they work 16 or 17 hours a day without paying -- because this has been all his life.
They have nothing to compare to.
When these villages collected their freedom, the slaves were burned by their homes.
At the end of the word school, we often think about sexual traffic and because of this global awareness that they warned me that it would be hard for me to work with security in this particular business.
In Katrina they were accompanied by women who had been previously slavery scale.
I was driven by a few ancient stairs that were giving this dirty south, of little fluorescent light.
It wasn't exactly a burden.
It was rather a restaurant.
Research, as you know in the office, are local for forced prostitution.
They have small rooms -- private rooms where women who are women with their girls and children, some of just seven years -- are forced to train the clients and encourage them to buy more food and alcohol.
Every dot is dark and dirty, identified by a number painted on the wall and divided by a biomass and a curtain.
Workers often suffer sexual abuse by hands of their clients.
From foot in the penguin, I remember having felt a low-like fear and in that instant, I could barely imagine what must be stuck in that hell.
I only had a salt, the stairs where I walked in.
There were no tough doors.
There were no big enough windows to travel.
Those people don't have any scale, and because we play such a difficult subject, it's important to point out that slavery even sexual traffic happens around us.
There are hundreds of people enslaved in agriculture, in restaurants.
Recently, the New York Times reported that between 100,000 and 300,000 American children are sold every year as sex slaves.
It happens by a doctor, but we don't see it.
Textures are another activity that we often relate to a slave labor.
I visited Indian villages where there were entire families in the sea trade.
This is a family portrait.
The high black hands are the father, the tissues of blue and red, from their children.
They're mixed in these big barrels and summarize the silk in the liquid to the elbow, but the city is toxic.
My performer told me his stories.
"We don't have freedom," they said.
"We still hope, though, can be able to go out of this house someday and go somewhere else where our work really paid us.
There are estimated that there are over 4,000 children enslaved in the Valley lake, the largest artificial lake in the world.
When we arrived, I went to take a quick look.
I saw what seemed to be a fish family in a boat, two older brothers, some younger children -- makes sense, right?
mistake. They were all slavery.
Children are separated from their traditional families, disappeared and forced to work alien distributes in these boats in the lake, despite not knowing anything.
This boy is eight years old.
When our boat came up was standing down, it feared that his little canoe was extremely.
I was paralyzed by the fear of falling into water.
The branches of the shopping trees in the Lake Lake often catch networks and children, fascinated and fear, are thrown into water to unleash the branches.
Many of them are drowning up.
Since remember, it's always been forced to work in the lake.
As a fear of his love is not going to be hardwired, and as all life has been treated with cruelty, it is crucially treated to the younger slaves under his command.
I met these guys at five o'clock in the morning, when they were running the latest networks, but they had been working from the one.
At night cold and advantage.
And you can point out that these networks weigh over 400 pounds when they're full of fish.
I want to introduce you to Kosov.
Kofi was rescued in a fishing village.
I met it in a shelter where Freedow the Spaces released to slavery victims.
Kofi symbolizes the possible.
Who will be because someone decided to make the difference in their life?
By driving a road in Ghana with Society at Friday at the Southern Forever, a temperature of antibodies with his engine of repeat and supporters our car and played the window.
We were asked to follow it on a road road to the jungle.
At the end of the way, we were inspired to come out of the car, and he asked the driver to go out.
And then he pointed out this signal barely visible, and he said, "This is the path, this is the path. Come on!
As we started to go down, we removed the engines that blocked the way and after walking about a hour we found that the road was attached by the recent rain, so I put the photo equipment on my head as we drop into these waters to the chest.
After two hours of walking, the single path ended up openly in a clear, and we had a holes of holes that could fit in a football field, and they were all filled with slave workers.
A lot of women had children tied up to their backs, and as they were looking for gold, they were walking in poison waters with market.
The market is used in the extraction process.
These miners are enslaved in a piece in another part of Ghana.
When they came out of the pump, they were packed in their own sweat.
I remember looking at his eyes tired, irrespective, given that many had been under land for 72 hours.
The wells have up to 90 feet and these people carry heavy heavy bags that then will be transported to another area where they would get the stone to extract the gold.
In the first view, the site seems to be filled with strong and powerful men, but if we look closer at close, we see a lot of other lucky and also children.
They're all victims of injuries and diseases and violence.
In fact, it's very likely that this muscle ends up like this victim of the tuberculosis and the member of the market in a few years.
This is Mandela. When he died his father his uncle took him to work with him in the mines.
When he died his uncle, Manhattan wound the debt of uncle what force it to be slave in the mines.
When I met it, I had worked in the mine 14 years and the lesion of the leg that you see here is a product of an accident in the mine so severe that doctors said it should be additional.
In addition to that, Manhattan has tuberculosis, and it's not an observer to that, it's forced to work night and day in that mine.
Yet, he dream of being released and educated with local activists like Freedom the Solars and this kind of determination, from face to a remote possibility -- which inspires me a lot of respect.
I want to throw light on slavery.
They knew that their images would be seen by you around the world.
I wanted you to know that we will take testimony of them, and we will make everything possible to help change their lives.
I just think that if we can see each other as human beings, then it becomes very difficult to tolerate atrocities like slavery.
These images are not from magazines -- they're from people, real people, like you and like me, who deserve the same rights, dignity and respect in their lives.
There is no day that happened that I don't think of these so many beautiful people, males, that I've had the great honor to know.
I hope that these images wake up a force in who you see them, in people like you, and I hope that that force on a fire and that fire throw light on slavery because, without that light, the beasts of slavery can continue to live in the shadows.
Thank you very much.
I do application math and there is a peculiar problem for who do it -- we're like management consumption.
Nobody knows what the hell we do.
So I'm going to try to explain to you what I do.
Dance is one of the most human activities.
We give us the virtues of the ballet and the crash dancers -- we will see more ahead.
But the ballet demands a degree of extraordinary training, a high level of dexterity and probably certain initial altitude that can well have a genetic component.
Unfortunately, neurological disorders like Parkinson's evil destroyed gradually this extraordinary ability, as it does with my friend Jon Street who, in his time, was a vertical ballet ball.
In the last few years, it has been very progress in treatment.
However, there are 6,300 million people in the world that are sick, and they have to deal with an incurable weakness -- temperatures, risk and other symptoms of this disease, so we need objective tools to detect disease before it's too late.
We need to be able to measure progress in a target way, and ultimately, the only way we know if there is really a cure to be when we have an objective and certain market.
But it's frustrating that for Parkinson's and other disorders of the movement there are no biological markers -- so they don't serve the blood analysis and the best thing we have is a neuropaltic extraction of 20 minutes.
You have to go to a clinic to do it. It's very, very expensive, and that means that, outside of clinical trials, they never do. Never done.
And what if patients could do it at home?
That would save a difficult journey to the clinic. What if patients could do the exam themselves.
It wouldn't be personal.
By the way, it costs about 300 dollars in the neurological clinic.
So what I want to propose you as a nonprofit way to try it, you see, in a sense at least, we're all virtuous like my friend Jon Street.
This is a video of violence of vocal strings.
It shows somebody healthy as it gets sound like that. We can imagine as dancers of a vocal ballet because we have to coordinate all those vocal organs to produce sound, and we all have the necessary genes -- the Bosnia, for example.
And as the ballet requires a level of extraordinary training.
So let's think about the time it takes a kid learning how to speak.
From sound, we can trace the position of vocal cords as they vibrate it, and as well as Parkinson's affects the limbs, it also affects the vocal organs.
At the bottom of the bottom you can see an example of irregular memory of vocal strings.
We see the same symptoms.
vocal memory, weakness and risk.
The speech becomes more quiet and married after a while, and this is an example of symptoms.
How do you compare these examples based on the voice with specialized clinical trials -- well, both of them are invisible.
Neurological test is not invisible. Both use existing infrastructure.
You don't need to design a whole series of hospitals to do it.
Both of them are precise. Well, but also the tests based on voice are not specialized.
I mean, they can be autonomous.
They do very quickly, they take about 30 seconds like a lot.
They're completely minimum, and we all know what happens.
When something gets so low, it appears to massive scale.
These are some amazing goals.
We can reduce the logistical difficulties of patients.
I wouldn't have to go to the clinic for the routine cheese.
With high-quality monitoring we could get objective data.
We could be able to do massive low cost resource for clinical trials, and for the first time, failure scales on scale.
We have the opportunity to start looking for the first biomass biomimecrans before it is too late.
So by giving the first steps in that sense, we're launching the Parkinson's vocal initiative.
Along to Aulth and Pacific, we want to register a lot of voices around the world to collect enough data and start addressing these goals.
We have accessible local lines for about 750 million people in the world.
Anyone with or without Parkinson's can call at low price and leave recordings for a few cents. And I'm pleased to announce that we've already reached six percent of the goal in just eight hours.
Thank you.   Tom Rielly: So Max -- taking all these samples of, say 10,000 people, you can say who is healthy and who doesn't?
What are you going to pull out of these shows?
Max Lile: Yeah, yeah. What's happening is that during the call you have to indicate whether you have or not disease. TR: Sure.
MT: You see, some people can not pass it. You may not end it up.
But we're going to get a very large sample of data collected in different circumstances, and doing it in different circumstances is important because we're looking at limited conflict factors in search of the actual markers of the disease.
TR: Do you have 86 percent accuracy at this point?
MT: Much more than that.
Actually, my student Thus Thails, I have to publish it, has done a fantastic job, and now it's shown that it works on the mobile phone network as well, which makes the project. We now have 99 percent accuracy now.
TR: Novel and nine. Well, it's a improvement.
MM: Of course.
TR: Thank you very much. Max Litty, audience.
MT: Thank you, Tom.
Before the March 2011, I was doing photography retrospects in New York City.
We're plastic creatures, gray.
We are hidden in the dark, in no windows and usually we avoid sunlight.
We make the models that are still deliberately, the perfect skin even more perfect we do the impossible, possible and criticized us in the press all the time, but some of us are really artists with a lot of years of experience and a true taste by images and photography.
On March 11, 2011, I saw from my house, just like the rest of the world, the tragic events that happen in Japan.
Shortly later, an organization where it was voluntary -- there Hans Volons, was in the place working as part of the response team.
I, along with hundreds of other volunteers we knew we couldn't stay at home, so I decided to join the group for three weeks.
On May 13, I traveled to Office.
It's a small fishing village in the predator of Iranian about 50,000 people, one of the first people affected by the wave.
The regulate water level reached over 24 feet high, and more than three miles tall.
As you can imagine, the village was devastated.
We take cheeses of the channels and the cards.
We clean schools -- we take the side and we leave the houses ready to be redefined and receiver.
We take tons and tons of fish fish, spontaneously, local factory power.
We were excited and loved us.
For weeks, both volunteers like neighbors found similar things.
They found pictures and pictures of photos and cameras and sales and sales.
They all did the same thing.
And collect them and take them to different places of the people around to keep them.
It wasn't until then I realized that those pictures represented a huge part of the personal losses that people had suffering.
While they were fleeing the wave, and to save their lives, they had to abandon absolutely everything they had.
At the end of my first week, I started to help in a village evidence of the town.
He helped clean the communal toilets, the huge barriers.
This place turned out to be also the place of the village where the evidence center picks the photos.
They took them up and I had the honor that that day they trust me to clean the photos.
This was exciting and inspiring -- I had heard the expression to think beyond the horizon, but it wasn't until I was going to pass myself my horizons that something happened.
When I looked at the pictures, I found some people who had more than a hundred years old, and they were still in the lab of the lab, I couldn't avoid to think about how to fix that trait and repair that rate and knew hundreds of people who could do the same thing.
So that night was on Facebook contacted some of them, and the next morning, the answer was so overwhelming and positive that I knew we had to try.
So we started to retrosped the photos.
This was the first of all.
I wasn't too stranger, but where the water had declared the face of the girl I had to fix with a lot of precision and delicious.
Otherwise, that little girl would not have the aspect of it, and that would be as tragic as having the stupid picture.
Over the course of time, they came for more pictures and they needed more retrospectations so that he walked back on Facebook and LinkedIn, five days later, late 80 people from 12 countries offered to help.
When I was two weeks old, I had 150 people willing to join me.
In Japan, in July, we moved to Rubbing, a neighboring village north of Laboran.
Once a week we used our scanner in the temporary photographic libraries that had been installed, where people were going to reclaim their photos.
The time that they were trying to deliver them is a different story, depending on the defense of the photos.
I could just take an hour. It could involve weeks.
It could involve months.
This mine had to draw practically by hand using the areas whose color and detail had not destroyed.
I took a long time.
The water destroyed all these pictures summed in salt water, covered bacteria covered with algae, even with oil, all of them along with the time of the continent time destroying them by hand was an important part of the project.
We couldn't play the picture unless it was clean, dry and had been recommended by his owner owner.
We were lucky with the hands by hand.
We have the guidance of a advanced neighbor.
It's very easy to give even more pictures as well.
As an Window time, the leader of my group is like making a tattoo.
You can't make mistakes.
The woman who brought us these pictures were lucky to the photos.
He had started to wipe her out her own, but he stopped to realize that he had them even more.
It also had doubled.
Without them, the images of their husband and their own face wouldn't have been able to reconstruct the images in a single picture and will play the whole picture.
When he collected his pictures shared something from his story with us.
A few colleagues of his husband found photos in a fire station between the rubble streams from where they used to be their house, but their colleagues recognize it.
The day of the tsunami, his husband was the engineer of closing the barriers to the wave.
It had to go inside the water while the services were sound.
Their little children, not so small now, but their two children were in the school, in different schools.
One of them was stuck in the water.
He took a week to find all his family and know that everybody had survived.
The day he gave him his pictures his little boy was 14 years old.
For her, despite all of this, those pictures were the best gift I could do it, something that he could go back to look, something that he could remember from the past that he wouldn't have been marked by that day of March when everything in his life changed or destroyed.
After six months in Japan 1,100 volunteers had joined up to there helped by hand over 135,000 pictures.  -- the vast majority came back to their owners -- the big majority of hands.
More than 500 volunteers around the world helped us back to 90 families of completely respected photos and retropy photos.
During this time, we really don't spend more than 1,000 in equipment and materials, most of them in ink for printer.
We take pictures constantly.
A picture is a memory of someone or something, a place, a relationship, somebody dear it.
They are guards of our memories and stories, the last thing we would take us but the first thing we would get to look for.
This was about the project, to restore small pieces of humanity, to return someone their connection to the past.
When a picture like this goes back to somebody, it makes a huge difference in the life of the person who receives it.
This project also made a big difference in the life of the retrosperity.
Some of them connected to something larger, to give up something, using their talent for something that are not model skin models.
To finish I'd like to read this email email -- I sent it City the day I came back from Japan after six months.
As I was retropired, I couldn't help to think about people and stories shown in the images.
One in particular, a picture with women of different ages from the grandmother to the small child, gathered around a baby, committed to me, because a similar picture of my family my grandmother, my mother, and my daughter was born, hangs our wall.
In the entire world, in all the time our basic needs are the same, right?
Thank you.
Doctor Edward inspired us and curiosity with this picture of a bullet that builds an apple in an exhibition of just a million seconds.
But now, 50 years later, we can go a million times faster, and see the world not a million or a billion frames per second.
I present you a new kind of photograph, the photographer -- a new technique so fast that it can create video camera from light in motion.
And with that we can create cameras that can see after the corners, beyond the line of vision, or seeing the inside of the body without using X-rays, and really defy the camera idea.
If I take a laser point and I turn it up and hit in a second of a second or a second, in several permissions to create a photo package of a mile wide.
And that picture of pictures, that battle, travel at the speed of light, and again, a million times faster than a common ball.
So if we take that bullet and this package of photons and shoot in this bottle, how do you get those pictures inside this bottle?
What's the light of light in slow camera?
Now, all of this --    remember that all of this happens in less than a nanotube is what it takes in traveling light.
But this video is 10 billion times slower so that you can see light in motion.
Coca-Cola didn't accept this research.  You have a lot of things in this movie, and you can download this information to show what is going on.
The pulse, our bullet goes into the bottle with a package of photons that starts to catch it, and that, inside, starts to shoot up.
Part of the light gets flown, goes on the table, and we start seeing these conditions.
A lot of photos finally get to the lid and then explode in various directions.
As you can see, there's an air bubble.
In that time, the waves travel on the table, and because of the reflection of the top you see in the bottom of the bottle, after several boxes, that the implications are concentrated to it.
Now, if we take a common and current bullet and we make the same distance and we see it in slow camera to about 10 billion times, how much think would we be sitting to see that film?
A day? A week? Actually, a whole year.
It would be a very boring film --  -- from a slow ball.
And what about testing with dead nature?
You can see the waves that are standing from the table, the tomato and the wall of the background.
It's like throwing a stone on a pond.
It's the way nature paints a picture, I thought, from a female at a time, but of course, our eyes see an integral composition.
But if you look at this tomato -- you realize that as the light showed off the tomato of the tomato -- it's still brilliant. It's not dark.
Why? Because the tomato is mature and the light bounces in its inside and back to come out of several billion seconds.
In the future, when this female is on its mobile phone, they will be able to go to the supermarket and verify if the fruit is mature without having to touch it.
What do we create this camera at MIT for?
As a photographer, you know, if you take a low exposure, it gets very little light.
But let's go a billion times faster than the shortest exposure, so you will barely get into some light.
We send that bullet -- that package of photons -- millions of times, and we recorded over and over again with a very scary synthetic, we took those gigabytes of data, and we train them computer to create those symbols that I showed you.
We can take all those data into crude and process them in interesting.
Superman can fly.
Other heroes can become invisible.
What if a new power of a superhero.
The idea is that we could throw some light on the door, rebelling, enter the room, a part is going to reflect on the door, and from there to the camera.
We could extract those multiple light breakthroughs.
It's not science fiction. We've already built it.
On the left, it's our female.
Behind the wall there is a manufacture and we'll bounce the light on the door.
After the publication of our article in Nature Communications.
And a small fraction of the photons coming back to the camera, but interestingly, in slightly different moments.
And as we have a camera that works that fast, our female, it has unique capabilities.
It has very good temporary resolution and it can look at the world at the speed of light.
So we know the distances to the door, and also to the hidden objects, but we don't know what point corresponds to what distance.
By projecting a laser, you can record a picture of broccoli, which, you see on the screen, it doesn't really make any sense.
But we will take a lot of images like this, dozens of images, and we will try and analyze the multiple rebels of light, and with that, can we see the hidden object observer?
Can we see it in 3D.
This is our reconstruction here.
We have things to explore before we take this out of the lab, but in the future, we could create cars that avoid collision with what's going on back to the curve.
Or we could look for survivors in dangerous conditions looking at the light reflected by open windows.
Or we could build an increase of looking at the inside of the body by holding octopus, and the same for computers.
But of course, because of the tissue and the blood, this is quite difficult, so this is actually a request to scientists to start thinking about the photographer as a new model of visualization to solve the problems of imaginative in health of the next generation.
So as Dr. Electronics, he himself a scientist, turned the science in art, an art of powerful photographs.
I realized that all of the giants of data that we collect every time are not just for scientific visualization, but we can.
Create a new form of computer photography with slow camera and color code.
And look at those waves -- remember, the time between each of those waves is just a few billion seconds.
But here's something funny as well.
If you look at the waves under the top, you get away from us.
The waves should move into us.
What happens here?
It turns out, as we're recording almost at the speed of light, we have strange effects.
The order of the events in the world sometimes appears to be invested in the camera.
applying the corresponding warping of space and time, we can correct this distortion of it.
It's already time. Thank you.
Hi. This is my mobile phone.
A mobile can change life, and it gives you individual freedom.
With a mobile phone can photograph a crime against humanity in Syria.
With a mobile phone you can tweet a message and start a protest in Egypt.
A mobile phone can record a song, put it up to Solonine and make famous.
This is all possible with a mobile phone.
I'm a Chinese boy in the city of Berlin.
Let's go back to that moment to this city.
Here you can see how hundreds of thousands of people showed in search for change.
This is the fall of 1989, imagine if all these people who are recognized in search for a change, had a mobile phone in the pocket.
Who from the present have a mobile here?
Give them up.
Get your mobile phone, send them up.
Letan them. A Andrew, Black, when a Blackberry.
It's a lot. Almost everybody today has a mobile phone.
But today I'm talking about me, from my mobile, and how life changed me.
I'll talk about this.
These are 35 lines of information.
Data in gross data.
Why is that information there?
Because in the summer of 2006 the E.U. Commission presented a directly.
The December of Detain Reef.
This directly says that every European telephone company, every single Internet Internet of Europe, has to store a broad range of user information.
Who calls who, who sends an email to who, who sends an email to.
Who sends him a text why.
And if we use the phone, where we are.
All of this information is stored for at least six months, and to two years, in his phone company or his Internet providers.
And all over Europe, people stood up and said, "We don't want this."
They said they didn't want this data feedback.
We want the autonomy in the digital age, and we don't want the telephone and the Internet providers.
There were lawyers, journalists, priests -- everybody said, "We don't want this."
And here you can see about 10,000 people coming out to the streets of Berlin and said, "Liberia, not temperate."
And some even said that this would be the Stage II.
The Station was the secret police of East Germany.
And I also wondered if this works really.
Can you store all this information about us?
Every time I use the mobile?
So I asked my phone to melt, Dutch Telescope, who at that time was the largest telephone company in Germany, which please would send me all the information they had about me.
I asked them once, and I went back to them, and I didn't get a concrete response. It was all blah blah.
But then I said, I want to have this information because you are protecting my life.
So I decided to start a court demand because I wanted to have this information.
But Dutch Telescope said no, we're not going to give you this information.
At the end, we signed a agreement.
I would remove the demand and they send me the information I could.
Meanwhile, the German constitutional tribunal passed the incompassion for the German law of the E.U.
So I got this ugly from brown with a CD inside.
And at CD there was this.
Trial and five thousand occasions of information lines.
At first I saw them and said, well, it's a huge file. Okay.
But after a while, I realized that it's my life.
There are six months of my life in this archive.
It was a little bit "skeleton," what should I do with that?
Because you can see where I am, where the night, what I'm doing.
But then I said, I want this information to come out.
I want to make it public.
Because I want to show people what data feedback means.
So next to Keith Ollano and Open Data City, we did this.
This is a six months of my life.
You can zoom up and zoom back, go back and forward.
You can see every step I give.
And you can see how I go from Franklin in train to Poland, and how often I call in the journey.
All of this is possible with this information.
That's a little scary.
But it's not just about me.
It's about all of us.
First of all, there are things like, I call my wife and she calls me, we talk a couple of times.
Then they call me some friends and they call each other.
And then one calls each other, and the other one another, and we ended up with this big network of communication.
You can see how their people communicate each other to what time they call each other, which time they sleep.
You can see all this.
You can see the centers, the leaders of the group.
If you have access to this information, you can see what society is doing.
If you have access to this information, you can control your society.
This is a model for countries like China and Iran.
This is a model to study the shape of your society, because you know who you talk to who, who send you an email to who, all of this is possible if you have access to this information.
And this information is stored at least six months in Europe, and to two years.
As I said at the beginning, imagine if all these people in the streets of Berlin, in the fall of 1989, they had a mobile phone in the pocket.
And the Statific had known who participated in this protest, and if the Statific had known who the leaders were, this would never happen.
The face of the Berlin Wall may never have happened.
And, in fact, I didn't have the Caribbean Court.
Because today the state agencies and companies want to store as much information of us as possible.
They want to have the possibility to follow our lives, and they want to store them forever.
But automation and living in the digital age is not a contradiction.
But today you have to fight for automation.
You have to fight for that every day.
When they go home to their friends that privacy is a 21st century value and it's not a fashion.
When you go home, give it to your representative that only because companies and state agencies can store some information, they don't have to do it.
And if you don't believe me, ask your phone company, what information you store from you.
So in the future, every time they use their mobile phones that are serving them to remember that they have to fight for the automobile in the digital age.
Thank you.
Hello, TED, what happens?
It's not enough.
Hello, TED, what happens?
I call myself Mashenine Zackie, and I'm not drunk, but I know the doctor that brought me to the world.
I ran my mom six times in six different directions, associating the poor of me in the process.
As a result, I have brain paralysis, that's why all the time.
Look at you.
It's a pillar. I'm like a mixes of Shakespeare.
And Muhammad Al.
P. C is not genetics.
It's not frozen and it can be contracted.
No one made the theory of my mother and I didn't hire it because my parents were cousins, although they are.
Just through accidents, like the one that happened to me by birth.
Now, I warn you, I'm not a source of inspiration and I don't want any of the present.
It feels wrong for me, because at some point in life, you've wanted to be disabled.
Let's go from walk.
Voices from Christmas are in the mall center, drive in circles in search for parking and what do you see?
16 empty empty places.
And they think, "God, can I be at least a little disability?
In addition, I tell you, I have 99 problems, and P.C. C is just one of them.
There will be a clip of the oppression -- I would win the gold medal.
I'm a Palestinian parallel, Muslim, woman, disabled and live in New Jersey.
If you don't feel better, maybe you should do it.
I'm from Park Clinica, in New Jersey.
I always loved my neighborhood, and my disease had the same initial.
I also love that if I wanted to walk from my house to New York, it could.
Many people with brain paralysis don't walk, but my parents don't believe in the note."
The mantra of my father was, "You can -- "I can do it sanitation."
If my three older sisters cleaned up, I cleaned up.
If my older brothers went to public school, my parents were sued to the school system, and they made sure that I was also out of it, and if we didn't take all the notes, we all got my mother's shoes.
My father taught me to walk at five years by putting my talents on his feet and simply walking.
Another tactics that I used was to hang a dollar in front of me so that it would be.
The strategy that he took inside was very strong, and he did.
Yeah. The first day in the childhood garden was walking like a bottle of book that has received a lot of colors.
Growing up, there were only six Arabs in my city, and they were all of the family.
There are now 20 Arabs. And they're still all of the family.  I think nobody realized that we were not Italian.
This was before 9/11 and that politicians would think appropriate using "Momes to Muslims as a campaign.
People who grew up didn't have trouble with my faith.
However, it seemed to be concerned a lot about hunger during the brand.
I told you that I had enough fat to live three months without eating, so helping me from dawn is very easy.
He dances in Bradm.
Yeah, in Brooklyn, it's crazy.  My parents couldn't afford physical therapy, so they sent me to dance school.
I learned to dance with the cars, or I can walk with the cats.
I'm from New Jersey, and there we want to be a kid, so if my friends used touch, I too.
And when my friends were going to pass the summer vacation on the coast of Jersey, I didn't go.
I spent my summers in a war zone, because my parents feared that if we didn't go back to Palestine every summer, we would become Mada.
In summer holidays often my father was trying to greet me, so I drank milk milk -- put me off on the down, put me on the Dead Sea, and I remember the water burned my eyes and I thought, "It worked, "Work, work."
But the miracle cure was the game.
I have to say it's very boring, but before I did yoga was a standard comedian that I couldn't stand up with still steal.
And now I can stand in your head.
My parents reinforced this idea that I could do anything, that no sleep was impossible, and my dream was to be in the General Hospital television.
I went to college through the positive discrimination, and I got a scholarship for the United States, University of the State of Arizona, because I walked into all the cultures.
It was like the pet limit of the theater department.
They all loved me.
I did all the tasks of the least intelligent, I took the ultimate note in my classes and also in their classes.
Every time I did a scene of the Chicago Child my teachers cried.
But I never got a role.
Finally, in my last year, the United States decided to make a work called Banaha very slow in Jack.
It's a work of a girl with brain paradise.
I was a girl with brain paralysis.
So I started screaming to the four winds, "The end will have a role.
I have brain paradoxics."
At the end of the free."
Thanks to given God to the end I'm free."
I didn't get the paper.  They gave them to Shark Brown.
I went to include the director of the theater department, crying historically, as if someone had killed my cat, asking why and she told me that because they believed I couldn't do the risk scenes.
And I said, "Excuse me, if I can't do the risk stunts -- I can't do the character either.
It was a role for the one who literally had been born and gave it to an actress.
The university was imitating my life.
Hollywood has a story of hearing actors without disability for disabled papers.
When I was going home, I came home, and my first active tour was like extra in a telephone.
My dream became reality.
And I knew it would be a "company company to "market "Freedom for "Compassion friendly."
Instead, I stayed there as a garden, I didn't look at the nuclear, and it was obvious to me that the repair directors didn't hire grateful actors, not white, with disability.
They only hired perfect people.
But there were exceptions to the rule.
I grew up watching Whole Golden, Roger Barry, Ell, and all these women had one thing in common: they were common.
So I became a humorous.
In my first tour, I took famous cartoon from New York to New Jersey, and I will never forget the face of the first comics that I took when I fell on the top of the New Jersey Highway with a driver that had brain paradise.
I worked in clubs of all of the United States, and also in Arabic, in the Middle East, without censorship and without velocity.
Some people say I'm the first monopoly of the Arab world.
I never like to reclaim the first place, but I know that they never heard that little unpleasant rumor that says that women are not fun, and they find us very fun.
In 2003, my brother of another mother and father, Dean Obama, and I launched the Federal comedy festival of New York City -- now in his 10.
Our goal was to change the negative image of Armstrong in the media and at the same time remind them to the principal directors that sustainable and Arab are not sitting.
Interview the Arabs was much easier than fighting the challenge of the disability stigma.
My great opportunity came in 2010.
I was like invited to the cable news program with Keith Bloop.
I walked up as if I went to a graduation dance, they dragged me into a study and sat in a wheelchair.
I looked at the director and I said, "Excuse me, can you give me another chair?
She looked at me and said, "Five, four, three, two.
And we were live.
So I was clinging to the writer of the viewer to not go out of the screen during the second, and when I finished the interview, I was plant.
I had my opportunity to have my opportunity and the dispersed dispersality, I knew they wouldn't get invited up.
But not just Mr. The Mr. The back I went back to invite you, but it was just as a full-time participant and pasted my chair.
Something funny that I learned in direct with Keith Olympic was that people on the Internet are scale.
Children are said that kids are cruel -- but they never got burned from my child nor any more.
All of a sudden, my disability on the Internet became an object of burning.
I saw clips online with comments like, "Why does it take?
Is it retreat?"
And my favorite, "Poor bomb terror.
What disease does it have?
We should really laugh for it."
A supermarket suggested even that I added my disability to my culture: the marine, common, paralysis.
Discipline is as visual as race.
If somebody in the wheelchair can't make Beijing, then Benjamin can't do someone in the wheelchair.
The disabled ones are the -- yeah, clapping.
The discoveries are the largest minority in the world, and the most survivors in the world of entertainment.
The doctors said I wouldn't walk, but I'm here in front of you.
However, having grown up with media media, I don't think it was.
I hope that together we can create more positive images of disability in media and everyday life.
Maybe if there were more positive images, that would promote less hate on the Internet.
Or maybe not.
Maybe we still need all of society to teach our children.
My little journey has led me to very spectacular places.
I got to walk through the red carpet floor by the divide of Susan Lucito and the colleague, Lord Rouges.
I came into a film with Adam Sandan and working with my pain, the incredible Dave Matthew.
I remember the world arguing "The Arab Arabs have become crazy.
I was elected in the big state of New Jersey state in the CNA of 2008.
And I founded "The Children of Massey: a charity charity to give kids Palestinian refugees a number of what my parents gave me.
It was the only time my father saw me acting live, and I dedicated this talk to her memory.
Stick peace in peace.
I call me Massachuse Zazard, and if I can, you can too.
I'd like to tell you a story about a little boy of a small village.
I don't know your name, but I know your story.
It lives in a small village to South Somalia.
This village is near Mozare.
Second pushes the small village to poverty and the edge of innovation.
Without anything for him there, it's going to the big city, in this case, Mozart, the capital of Somalia.
When it comes there, there's no opportunities, no work, no future perspective.
He ended up living in a tent in the city outside of Mozart.
After maybe a year, nothing.
One day you get a gentleman who offered him to take it away, after dinner, to deliver.
It knows a group of people who give him a descender.
It gets a little bit of money to buy new clothes, money to send home, to his family.
They present a young girl.
It finally happens.
It starts a new life.
It has a life goal.
A beautiful day in Mozart, under a blue sky, a bomb car.
That little boy of that little village with dreams of the great care was the suicide terrorist, and that dynamic group of people were al Shabaab -- a terrorist organization connected to the Qaeda.
So how did the story of a little kid in a small village trying to fulfill their dreams in the city end with him including?
He was waiting.
He was waiting for an opportunity, hoping to start his future, waiting for a future perspective, and this was the first thing he came in.
This was the first thing I did about what we call "the "walking period."
And his story is repeated in urban centers around the world.
It's the story of marginalizing, young urban urban urban urban development in Johnson, describe riots in London, looking for something beyond the waiting period."
For young people, the city promise of the city, the great dream of the city is the opportunity of the opportunity, of work, of well-being, but young people don't participate in the prosperity of their cities.
It's often the youth that suffers from the highest rates of unemployment.
By 2030, three of five people living in cities will be less than 18 years.
If we don't include young people in the growth of our cities, if we don't give them opportunities -- the story of the "particular "property, the door of access to terrorism, to violence, to the panels, to be the story of the cities two.
And in my hometown city, Mozart, 70 percent of young people are unemployed.
70 percent don't work, it's not going to school.
They don't make virtually anything.
I went back to Mozare last month, and I went to visit the Madison hospital, the hospital where I was born.
I remember being in front of that hospital assistant baseline, and if I never had gone?
What if I was forced to be in that same speed of hope?
Would I have become terrorist?
I'm not really sure the answer.
The reason I was in Mozart that month was actually to encourage a few juvenile leaders in a corporate culture.
It's about 90 Somali juvenile leaders.
We sat and we had a rain of ideas about solutions to the big challenges facing the city.
One of the young people in the room was Adam.
He went to the University of Mozart, he graduated himself.
There was no work, no opportunities.
I remember when he told me, because it was a graduate college, desperately, frustrated, it was the perfect white for al Shabaab and other terrorist organizations, to be recruited to be recruited to be.
They were looking for people like him.
But this story takes a different path.
In Mozart, the biggest hurdle to get from point A to B are the streets.
Venture years of civil war have completely destroyed the violent system, and a motorcycle can be the easiest way to mobilize it.
Adam saw an opportunity and the apple of it.
I started a motorcycle company.
It started by using motorcycles to local residents who normally couldn't buy them.
I bought 10 motors, with the help of his family and friends, and his dream is at some point to expand hundreds of engines over the next three years.
Why is this story?
What does this different story?
I think its ability to identify and leverage a new opportunity.
It's the business spirit, and I think the corporate spirit can be the most powerful tool against the "properly period."
It takes young people to be the creators of the economic opportunities that are looking at so desperately for.
And you can train young people to be entrepreneurs.
I want to talk to you about a young man who attended one of my meetings, Muhammad Mozambique, a flower.
I was helping you train some of the young people in the business of corporate initiative, and how to be innovative and how to create a culture of corporate initiative.
In fact, it's the first flower that Mozart has seen in more than 22 years, and until recently, Mosor came up, if you wanted flowers for your wedding -- you use flowers of plane sent from abroad.
If you asked someone, "When was the last time you saw free flowers?
For those who grew up during the civil war, the answer would be, "No."
So Mohamed saw an opportunity.
He started a paradigm of paradigm and a floral design.
He created a farm on the outskirts of Mozart, and he began to grow tuna and lines, which he said, could survive the last climate of Mozart.
And he started the flow of flowers for wedding flows, creating gardens in the houses, and the companies in the city, and now he's working on the creation of the first demographic park of Mozart in 22 years.
There are no public parks in Mozart.
He wants to create a space where families, young people, can go together, and as he says, smell the proverbial roots.
By the way, he doesn't grow rose because they use a lot of water.
So the first step is to inspire young people, and in that room, Muhammad presence had a really profound impact on young people.
They had never thought about starting a business.
They had thought about working for a NGOs, working for the government, but his story, his innovation, actually had a strong impact on them.
I forced them to look at their city as a place of opportunity.
I encouraged them to believe that they could be entrepreneurs that could be a change of change.
By the end of the day, they had innovative solutions for some of the biggest challenges facing the city.
They identified business solutions for local problems.
So inspire young people and create a cultural spirit culture is really a big step, but young people need capital to make their ideas happen.
They need expertise and guidance to guide them in the development and put on their business.
They connect young people with the resources that they need, bless them the support they need to move from conception to creation, and create catalogies for urban growth.
For me, business spirit is something more than starting a business.
It's to create a social impact.
Mohamed is not simply selling flowers.
I think it's selling hope.
Their Peace Park, this is how it calls it, when it's created, transform the way people see their city.
And they added the street children to help rent and keep the motors for him.
He gave them the opportunity to escape from the speed of the speed "property."
These young entrepreneurs are having a tremendous impact in their cities.
So my suggestion is, they turn young people in entrepreneurs and they are including and feeding their inherent innovation, and they will have more stories on flowers and parks of the peace and "profile personally.
Thank you.
I was about 10 years old, and I went to camping with my dad in the Madria mountains, an area added north of the state of New York.
It was a beautiful day.
The fellow forest.
The sun would make the leaves glow as a vital, and not to be the path that we followed, almost we could pretend that we were the first human beings in losing that land.
We get to our camp.
I was a coach in a record of a beautiful crystal lake when I discovered something horrible.
Behind the coach there was a garbage, of about four feet square with apples of apple powerful balls of aluminum paper, and old call.
And I was announced, I was very angry, incredibly confused.
The camps that were too lazy to pull out what they had done, who thought he was going to clean their trash back?
That question followed with me, and it was just a little bit.
Who clean our base?
No matter how to organize or where do you put the "Our "Our based on?"
Who clean our trash in Rio or Paris or London?
Here in New York City, the Separation of Health clean our garbage, in terms of 11,000 tons of waste and 2,000 tons of recycling products every day.
I wanted to know them as individuals.
I wanted to understand who that work does.
What do you feel to use the uniform and take that charge?
So I started a research project with them.
He traveled on the trucks and walked through their trajectories and interviewed people in office and facilities all over the city, and I learned a lot, but it was still an intrigue.
I needed to get more.
So I started working as a garbage collection.
Now I wasn't just traveling in trucks. I drove them.
And I was operating the mechanical scans and the snow.
It was a remarkable privilege and an amazing learning.
They all ask about smell.
It's there, but it's not as preferably as you believe -- and in the days that it's very strong, you get used quickly.
It costs a lot of used to weight.
I met people who had worked on it for several years and their bodies still stand up at the weight of carrying on their body tons of garbage every week.
It's also the danger.
According to the Bureau of Labor statistics, the recognition of waste is one of the ten most dangerous occupation in the country, and I learned the reason.
You're coming out and entering the traffic all day and you go through your surroundings.
They just want to get married, so the driver is not paying attention.
That's really bad for the worker.
And also the trash itself is full of dangers that often fall off the truck and cause terrible damage.
I also learned about the implant of the trash.
When you go out of the culture and you see a city from the back of the truck, you can understand that garbage is like a force of nature itself.
It never stopped coming.
It's also like a form of breathing or circulation.
It should always be in motion.
And it's also the stigma.
It seems to me that the stigma is especially ironic because I think the recovery recognitions are the most important work hand in the streets of the city, for three reasons.
They're the first public health protects.
If you don't get rid of the waste in the efficient and effective form every day, this starts to break away from your container and your dangerous dangers threat us in very real ways.
diseases that we had controlled for decades and centuries back and start to give us.
The economy needs them.
If we can't get rid of the old thing, we don't have space for what the engines of the economy start to fail when they are in danger the consumption.
I'm not advocating for capitalism, only its relationship.
And then there is what I call our average daily speed necessary.
With it I mean just the speed that we used to move in the contemporary time.
We usually don't worry about, we don't repair -- we cleaned or take our coffee cup -- our balls of the manuals, our water bottle.
We use them, we throw them out, we forget about them, because we know that there is a work force on the other side that will be drawn from it.
So today I want to suggest you a couple ways of thinking about the collection of waste that maybe help reduce the stigma and put them into that conversation about how to design sustainable and human city.
Her job, I think, is almost literature.
They're in the street every day, in a rhythmic way.
They use a uniform in many cities.
You know when to wait.
And their work allows us to do our ours.
They're almost a form of relief.
The flow that keeps us to save ourselves, from our own waste, our deposits, and that flow always has to stay in one way or another.
One day after September 11th, 2001, I heard the graduate of a waste collection truck on the street, grabbed my little son, and I went down the stairs running up, and there was a man doing his track recycled journey as I did all the mixing.
And I tried to thank you for doing your work that day in particular, but I started crying.
And he looked at me and just assignation, and he said, "We're going to be okay.
We're going to be good."
Shortly after that I started investigating the recognition of waste and I went back to that man.
It's called Paul, we worked together many times and we made good friends.
I want to believe that Paul was right.
We're going to be fine.
But in our efforts to gather the way we exist on this planet as a species we should include and have in account all the costs, even the very real human cost of the labor hand.
The municipal waste, what we think when we talk about garbage -- represent three percent of the amount of waste waste of nations.
It's a remarkable statistics.
So in the flow of their days and their lives, the next one that you see someone whose work is to clean the garbage of you, take a moment to recognize you.
Take a moment to tell you thank you.
My work is focused on the connection of thinking about our community life being part of the environment where architecture is born naturally from conditions and local traditions.
I brought two recent projects today as an example of this.
Both projects are located in emerging countries, one in Ethiopia and the other in Tunisia.
And they also share the fact that the different analytics from different perspectives become a essential part of the end of architecture.
The first example started with an invitation to design a commercial center of several floors in the capital of Ethiopia, Addis Abed.
This is the kind of construction that showed us as an example, to my team and me, about what we had to design.
At first, the first thing I thought about was, "I want to get out of this."
After looking at some of these buildings there are many of us in the city, we realized that there are three important aspects to resource.
In principle, these buildings are almost empty because they have very big stores where people can't afford to buy things.
Second, you need to employ a lot of energy because the crisis with crystals generates heat inside the interior, so it's needed a lot of training.
In a city where this shouldn't happen because it's a temperate climate that goes from 20 to 25 degrees during the year.
And thirdly, it has nothing to do with Africa or with Ethiopia.
It's a little bit by trying to be so rich in culture and traditions.
In our first visit to Ethiopia, it really was caught with the old market that is this outdoor structure where thousands of people, go and buy things every day to small self-controllers.
There's also that idea of using public space to generate external activity.
So I thought, that was what I really wanted to design, not a commercial center.
But the question was how to build a building modern, a number of stories, applying these principles.
The next challenge was presented by the institution of the site, which is located in a very growth area of the city, where much of the buildings we now see in the image, didn't exist.
And it's also between two parallel streets that don't communicate in an extension of hundreds of feet.
So the first thing we did was create a connection between these two streets, using all the entries in the building.
And this is extinct with an inclusive attribute that creates an air space in the building that were contributed by its own shape, the sun and the rain rain.
And around this space we've applied the idea of the market with small businesses, which changes on every floor because of the form of space.
I also thought, how do you close the building?
I wanted to find a solution that responds to local climate conditions.
And I put myself to think about a similar tissue to an ant captain of antibodies to allow the air entrance, and also the light, but in a filtered way.
We then inspired ourselves in these beautiful buttons of the stages of the stages.
They have a fragment of fractal geometry, and this helped me model the facade model.
We're building that with these little predatory pieces that are the windows that let the air and light in a way controlled inside the building.
This is completely completely completely completely color crystals using the light inside of the building to illuminate the building at night.
With these ideas didn't easy to convince developers because they thought, "That's not a mall. It wasn't what we ask.
But ultimately, we all realized that this idea of the market was much more profitable than the shopping center because at the end of the shopping there were more local to sell.
And also the idea of the facade, it was a lot more economic -- not only because of the material compared to the glass, but also because it wasn't necessary to have an air conditioning.
So we got certain savings in the budget that we use to implement the project.
The first thing was to think about how to achieve energy address for the building in a city where electricity is almost cut every day.
So we got a big advantage putting photographers on the roof.
And then under those panels we think of the roof as a new public space with areas of meeting and bars that create this urban oasis.
And these pictures on the roof, which actually collect water for the interior inside.
It's expected for early next year, because we go through the fifth floor of construction.
The second example is a master plan of 2,000 apartments and services in the city of Tunisia.
And to do such a big project, the biggest thing I had designed, I needed not only to understand the city of Tunisia, but also its environment, its tradition and culture.
During that analysis I had special attention in medicine, a 1,000-percent structure that was surrounded by a wall with dozens of access connected by almost straight lines.
When I went to the place, the first design operation we did was to expand existing streets, creating 12 major initial blocks in size and features that there are in Barcelona and other cities in Europe with these courtyards there.
In addition to that, we selected some strategic points in relation to the idea of the interface doors with straight lines, and this modified the initial model.
And the last operation was to think of the cell, the little cell of the project, like the apartment, as an essential part of the master plan.
I thought, what would be the best orientation for an apartment in the media climate?
And it's northern, because it creates a thermal difference between both sides of the house, and therefore a natural ventilation.
So we set up a framework that makes sure most apartments are perfectly oriented in that direction.
And this is the result that's almost like a combination of the European block and the Arab city.
It has these blocks with pathogens, and then on the low plant, we have all the connections for the pedestrians for the penguins.
And it also responds to local norms that make a greater density in higher levels and a lower density on the low plant.
And it also reflects this idea of the doors.
The roof, which is my favorite space of the project is almost like retreating the community that is occupied by construction.
It's where all the neighbors, they can go up and society, and make activities like running a race of two miles a morning, or jump from one building to another.
These two examples, they have a common approach in the design process.
And also, they're in emerging countries, where you can see cities literally growing.
In these cities, the impact of architecture in people's life changes the communities and local economies to the same rate growing buildings.
For this reason, I see even more important look at architecture looking for simple but affordable solutions, which improves the relationship between the community and the environment, and that they have as objective to connect nature with people.
Thank you very much.
When I was eight years old, a new girl joined our class. It was as remarkable as you see all new girls.
And I had huge small amounts of hair and a little short stream, cute -- it was super strong for the capital of the states, very good for organization.
I ended up that year and I was full of cells, until I took my sinister plan.
One day I was left after the school walked out of school. It was a little bit late, and I hid in the bathroom of girls.
When the cost was depressed, I went out in the classroom, I took the table of my teacher the calculation book.
And then I did.
I'll alter the ratings of my rival just a little bit, just some like this.
All the A's,  And I was willing to bring the book into the box, but to see, some of my other colleagues had very good notes as well.
So in a sentence, I ran the notes around the world, without any imagination.
I put all of them out of D and myself a row of A's, just for being there, because I could.
I still surprised what I did.
I don't understand how the idea came from.
I didn't understand why I felt well doing it.
I felt important.
I don't understand why they never caught me.
It was all dramatically obvious.
They never discovered me.
But most of all, I discovered the reason why I was annoyed that this little girl was so good for organization.
I'm intrigued by the cells.
They're so mysterious and so penguins.
We know that babies suffer from cells.
The primate principles. The blue birds are very property.
We know that the cells are the number one cause of surveys in the United States.
And yet, I've never seen a study who analyzed loneliness or long duration or sadness.
So you have to go to the fiction, because the novels are like the laboratory where the cells are studied in all their possible forms.
In fact, I don't know if it's a exaggeration saying that if there were no jealousy, there would be no literature.
Because there was no Helen the infinite, no "Defender."
There would be no hair clean, not "My 1.5 and a night.
There was no Shakespeare there.
The reading list list of high school reading set up because we would be losing "The noise and the Furty, there was no Guartin or "Passenger." We lost "Mom Bayer and "Anna K."
Without cells, there is no Prostature. I know it's fashionable to say that Prostature has the answers for everything, and, in terms of cells, almost they have them.
This year, 100 years of his work is there, "In search of the lost time, the most exquisite study of sexual cells, and also from ordinary complexity, mine, everything we could have.  And thinking about Prostature, we have the mental details -- right?
We think of a child trying to reconcile sleep.
We think of a magnetic magnetic in your language.
We forgot how hard that image.
We forgot how impossible it is.
I mean, it's about books that Virginia Woods said were as hard as a cat trial.
I don't know what the cat trial is, but we assume it's supercomputer.
Let's see why they go so well together, the novel and the cells and the cells and Prostature.
Is it very obvious to be that the cells who are reduced to the person, their wish, to their impressions, are a good solid base?
I don't know. I think we get very close to the bone, when we think about what happens when we feel closely.
When we feel jealousy, we tell ourselves a story.
A story about other people's lives, and those stories make us feel terrible because they're designed for that, to make us feel wrong.
Being at the same time as storytellers and audience, we know exactly what details will do, to keep the knife up, right?
The cells are making us all awful novels, and that's something that Prostate understand.
Everything that she does to give me pleasure could give it to another, maybe right now."
And he starts telling himself that story, and since then, Prostature says that every fresh charm that San detects in his lover, he adds his collection of torture instruments in his private camera.
You have to admit that San and Protocol, they were notoriously celebrator.
You know, Prostature novels would have to abandon the country, if they wanted to break with it.
But you don't have to be so clear to recognize that it's a tough job. Right?
The cells are adopted.
It's a hungry emotion. You have to feed it.
And what are the cells like?
The cells are nutrient from information.
The cells use the details.
The cells like the great amounts of bright hair and the cute and small student student.
The cells are noticed from photos.
This is why Instagram is so successful --  Prostate links well the language academic with the cellular chairs.
When Swiss is in his balloon shark, he suddenly heard behind the doors and the bribe of their lover and the services of his lover -- then he defending those behaviors.
He says, "Look, I know you think this is replaced, but it's not different than the interpretation of an ancient text or to look at a monkey."
He says, "It's scientific research with real intellectual value.
Prostature is trying to prove that the cells look intersectionally and make us seem absurd, but in their mind, they are search for knowledge, search for truth, a painful truth, in fact, to what you know, the more painful, the better.
The pain, the humiliation, the loss, these were the pathways to the wisdom of Prostature.
He says, "A woman who we need, that makes us suffer, causes a range of much deeper and vital feelings than a wise man who can behave us.
Are you telling us that we're going to look for cruel women.
No. I think it's trying to say that the cells reveal ourselves.
And there is some other emotion that makes us open in this particular way?
Is there any other emotion to reveal our agriculture, our horrible ambition and our rights?
Does any other emotion that teaches us to look at such peculiar intensity.
Freud would write about this later.
One day, Freud was visited by a young young man who was consumed with the idea that her wife was fooled.
And Freud says that there was something weird in that man, who didn't look at what his wife did.
Because she was innocent -- everybody knew it.
The poor creature was under suspicion without any cause.
But he looked for things that he did his wife, without realizing it, involuntary behaviors.
Does it smile too much or accidentally access to a man?
Freud says the man was becoming the coast of his wife.
The novels are very good at this.
The novels describe very well how the cells do to look at intensity but without precision.
In fact, the more intensely we are, the more we become a fantasy.
And for this reason, I think, the cells take us to make violent or illegal act.
The cells drive us to behave in completely unimaginable ways.
Now I'm thinking about me at eight years old, I recognize it, but I'm also thinking about this story that I heard in the news.
A Judy Middle Fifth woman who was age was captured by having created a fake account on Facebook from the one who sent visual messages, horrible to itself, for a year.
For a year. Every year.
She was trying to incorporate the new girlfriend of his former novel -- I have to tell you that when I or this, react with admiration to it.
Because, let's be realistic.
What enormous -- although unfortunately, creativity. Right?
It's like navigation.
Like a Higgs Patient novel.
Himalayas is one of my favorites.
She's a very strange and brilliant character of American literature.
It's the author of "Extremes in a Transmitter: "The Taliban Mr. Repose, books that are trying to do the cells, they trust our minds, and once we are in the sphere, in the realm of the cells, the membrane that separates what it might be, can be drilled in an instant.
Take Tom Richard, his most famous character.
Tom Richard goes from wanting to want to do what you have to take care of your self and you will be given from what you ever had, and it's under the floor -- it responds to your name, it takes your rings, your bank accounts.
It's a way.
But what do we do? We can't take the Tom Richard route.
I can't give you to the world, as much as I would like to.
It's a pity, because we live in the envy times.
We live in times of cells.
I mean, we are good citizens of social media, where the currency is the environment? Right?
The novel shows us? I'm not sure.
So we're going to do what characters are always doing when they're not sure, when they are to a mystery.
Let's go to the 2214 of Baker Street and ask by Shakespeare Hollands.
When people think about hormones, they think of malaria in the Mark Professor at the Morridologist professor, that criminal genius.
But I always prefer in the Lester Lester, the head of rat from Stanford African who needs HOLs desperately needs to be the genius of Hollands, but it bothers him.
Oh, I'm so familiar with me.
Lespitol needs its help, but the answer, and it was running with a bitter in each of the mysteries of the mystery.
But as they work together, something starts to change, and finally in "The Anderson of the Six Novemberes: once Holly comes in, distributed all of them with his solution, Lester comes back to Hollands and says, "We're not celebrator, Mr. Hollywood.
We're proud of you."
And it tells him that there is no person in Stanford African that I wouldn't want to shake your hand.
It's one of the few times that we see Hollands transferred in history. That seems very emotional. That scene is also mysterious, right?
It seems to treat the cells as a geometry problem, without emotion.
You know, in a minute, Holland is on the opposite side of Lester.
The next minute is the same side.
Suddenly, Lesterland allows you to admire that idea of being the answer.
Could it still be so simple.
What if the cells are really a geometry, just a question of where we allow us to be in relation to the other?
Well, maybe we don't have to resist from the excellence of the other.
We can align with it.
But I like connection plans.
So while we wait for that to happen, we remember that we have the fiction for us.
Only the fiction of the clean choices.
The fiction used the documents, the invites at the table.
And look at what was graphically, the Los Lester, the Tamira Richard, the crazy Swedish, the same Mark Prostature.
We're in excellent company.
Thank you.
We used to solve big problems.
On July 21, 1969, Buzz Aldrin jumped out of the Apollo 11 of Apollo 11 and disappeared on the Sea of Transmission.
Armstrong and Aldrin were alone, but their presence on the gray surface gray was the culmination of a conventional collective process.
The Apollo program was the largest mobility in the U.S. history.
To get to the moon, NASA spent about 180 billion dollars today, or four percent of the federal budget.
The Apollo gave about 400,000 people and asked the collaboration of 20,000 companies, universities and government agencies.
They died people, including Apollo 1.
But before the Apollo program, 24 men traveled to the moon.
Doctor was walking on the surface, which Allin after the Armstrong death in the past year, is now the oldest one.
So, why were they?
They didn't have a lot of community, 38 pounds of old rocks -- and something that 24 people are going to emphasize later, a new sense of small and fragility of our common home.
Why were they? The cynical answer is that they were because President Kennedy wanted to demonstrate the Soviets that this nation had better rockets.
But the words of Kennedy at the University of Rice in 1962, give us a better idea.
John F." Kennedy: Some ask, why the moon.
Why do we turn it into our goal.
And you might also ask, why do you climb the highest mountain, right?
35 years ago, why about the Atlantic.
Why do you play Rice against Texas?
We chose to go to the moon.
We chose to go to the moon.
We chose to go to the moon in this decade, and do other things, not because they're simple, but because they're hard.
Jason Poet: For the contemporaries, the Apollo wasn't just a victory of the West on the East War in the Cold War.
At the time, the strongest emotion was the one of wonderful to the transfer of the power of technology.
It was because it was something great to be able to do it.
The landing on the moon happened in a context of a long list of technological tricks.
The first half of the 20th century produced the assembly line and the plane, the penicillin and the vaccine for tuberculosis.
In half of the century, the policy was eradicated and elevated the smallpox.
Technology seemed to have what Alice Topic in 1970 called accepted "Arabic."
For most of the history of humanity, we couldn't go faster than a horse or a balloon ship, but in 1969, the temple of Apollo 10 flew to 40,000 miles or hour.
Since 1970, no human being has come back to the moon.
No one has traveled faster than the tree of Apollo 10, and the optimistic joy about the power of technology has evaporated to see that the technology we imagine that technology would solve how to go to Mars, create a clean energy, cure cancer, or feeding global population seems to have been intrigued.
I remember seeing the Apollo 17.
I was five years old, and my mother told me that he doesn't look at the called car tube of the Saturn Catholic.
I knew that this would be the last lung mission, but I was completely sure that I would come to see the colonies on Mars.
So that from "The Something happened to our ability to solve problems with technology has become a common place.
We heard it all the time.
We've heard it over the last two days here, at TED.
It looks like the technologies have been distracted and being enriched with trivial toys, things like iPhone, apps and social networks, or algorithms that accelerate the automated sales.
There's nothing wrong in most of these things.
They've expanded and enrich our lives.
But they don't solve the big problems of humanity.
What happened?
There's a random explanation in Silicon Valley, which means that they have created less ambitious companies than the years in which the years were funded Intel and Microsoft and Apple and General.
Silicon Valley says that markets are the guilty, in concrete, the incentives that risk capitalists offer companies.
Silicon Valley says that the risk of risk caused that it changes the creation of transformative ideas by the funding of incremental problems or even false problems.
But I don't think this explanation is good enough.
It explains mostly what's wrong in Silicon Valley.
Even when the risk capitalists were in their planet with no worrying about the risk, they preferred small investment, tiny investments that they could come out in 10 years.
The CDUs have always had problems to invest with benefits in technologies as energy, which needs a huge capital and whose development is in the long term. They haven't been invested in developing technologies to solve big problems because they don't have immediate commercial value.
No, the reasons we can't solve the big problems are more complicated and more profound.
Sometimes we choose not to solve the big problems.
We could go to Mars if we wanted to.
NASA has even designed a plan.
But going to Mars would require a political decision that was popular, and that will never happen.
We don't go to Mars because everybody thinks there are more important things than to do on Earth.
Sometimes we can't solve the big problems because political systems fail.
Today, less than two percent of the global energy consumption produced from renewable energy sources like solar and wind and biofuels. Less than two percent, and the reason is completely cheap.
Carbon and natural gas are cheaper than solar and wind, and oil is cheaper than the biologist.
We want alternative energy sources that can compete in price. They don't exist.
Now, the technologies and entrepreneurs and economists agree about what policies and international treaties are going to increase the development of an alternative energy, most significant increase in research and energy development, and some kind of control of the carbon price.
But there is no hope in the political climate that we will see a U.S. energy policy or international treaties that reflect that consensus.
Sometimes the big problems that seem technological, they are not to be.
We know from the time that the famines are result from failure in the food report.
But 30 years of research have taught us that famines are political crisis that affect food distribution.
Technology can improve things like the harvest or the systems for storage and food repair -- but there will be hungry, while there are bad governments.
Finally, the big problems sometimes make a solution because we don't understand the problem.
President Nixon declared the cancer war in 1971, but soon we found that there are many kinds of cancer, some terrible resistance of treatment, and only over the last 10 years, they seem to have found effective and viable treatments.
Hard problems are hard.
It's not true that we couldn't solve problems with technology.
We can and we should, but these four elements have to be presented, the political leaders and the population must want to solve the problem, the institutions have to support the solution, it has to really deal with a technological problem, and we need to understand it.
The Apollo mission that has become something like a metaphor for the ability of technology to solve big problems, and it meets with those criteria.
But it's a productive model in the future.
We're not in 1961.
There is no galaxy competition like the Cold War, there is no politician like John Kennedy who is going to inherit how difficult and the dangerous, and there's not a popular mythology of science fiction like exploring the solar system.
In general, going to the moon turned out to be simple.
I was just three days.
And really, I wasn't even solving any problem.
We're alone in our present, and the solutions of the future will be harder to get.
God knows that we don't get the challenges.
Thank you very much.
Well, I'm going to talk about trust, and I'm going to start by reminding you the general ideas that you have about trust.
They're so common that they've become clicks of our society.
I think it's three.
The first is a recognize: there's been a great decline of trust, it's a very widespread belief.
The second is an objective -- we should have more trust.
And the third is a task: we should recover trust.
I think the record, the goal and the task have been wrong.
What I'm going to try to tell you today is a different story about a record, an objective and a task, which I think gives a more clear idea about the subject.
First of all, recognize, why people think trust has discovered?
And if I think about the basis of my own evidence, I don't know the answer.
I bow to think that it may have been distracted in some activities or institutions and that could have increased in others.
I have no clear.
But I can go back to opinion polls and opinion polls are supposedly the source of belief that the trust has decreased.
When you look at opinion polls over time, there are not many evidence of it.
That is, the people who were described 20 years ago, mostly journalists and politicians, continue to inspire the same description.
And the people who were very reliable about 20 years ago are still quite confident, judges, nurses.
The rest of us are in the middle, and by the way, the average citizen of the street is almost exactly half a way.
But is this enough evidence?
What the opinion survey survey is, of course, opinions.
What else can you record?
What you see are the generic attitudes that people manifest when they ask certain questions.
Do you trust in politicians -- trust in the partners?
Now, if someone would ask you, "Do you trust your lower?
Do you trust the fishermen?
Do you trust the primate teachers?
You would probably start to ask, "To do what?"
And that would be a very sensible answer.
And you could say, when you have answered your question, "Well, I trust you in some other non-leveling.
Which is very rational.
Ultimately, in real life, we tend to address trust differently.
We don't assume that the level of trust that we're going to feel like a certain type of office, functional or kind of person, is going to be uniform in all cases.
I could, for example, say that I trust a certain teacher teacher that I know to give the kind of reading, but in any way to drive the school microbes.
After all, I could know that it wasn't a good driver.
I could trust my friend more crazy to keep a conversation, but no, maybe to keep a secret.
Simple.
And if we've got those evidence in our everyday lives in the way that trust is different, why are we leaving all that knowledge when we think about trust in a more abstract way?
I believe that surveys are very bad tools to measure the real level of real trust, because they try to provide the good judgment to the fact of trusting something or somebody.
Second, what about goals?
The goal is to have more trust.
Frankly, I think it's a stupid goal.
It's not that the goal I would do.
I would just have a lot more confidence in what is a trust, but not what it is.
In definition, I'm a party not to trust what is not reliable.
And I think that those people who developed their savings with the very seemingly named Mr. Maderian who then disappeared with them, I think of them, and I think, well, yes, they were too confused.
Having more trust is not an intelligent goal in this life.
Traditional defense or denied intelligence, that's the right target.
Once you say it, it says, yes, OK, that means that what matters in the first place is not trust, but trustworthiness.
What this is about making a judgment about how reliable people are in certain ways.
And I think in order to make a trial, we're forced to focus on three things.
Are they competition? Are they honest? Are they responsible?
And if we find that one person is competitive in the permanent matter, and it's responsible and honest, then we'll have a very good reason to trust it, because it's going to be a dignity of trust.
But if, in contrast, they're not responsible -- we couldn't trust them.
I have friends who are competent and honest, but I wouldn't trust them to take a letter to the mail because they're obstacles.
I have friends who are very sure that they can do certain things, but I see that they overestimate their own competition.
And I'm very glad to say I think I don't have a lot of friends that are competitive and responsible but extremely destroyed.
If it's like this, I still haven't perceived me.
But that's what we're looking for, trust before trust.
The trust is the answer.
Confirming is what we have to judge with.
And of course, it's hard.
In the last decades, we've tried to build accountability systems for all kinds of institutions, professionals, works and others, that made us easier to judge their trustworthiness.
Many of those systems have had the opposite effect.
They don't work as they should.
I remember once I was talking to a party and said, "Well, you see, the problem is that it takes more time to do the administrative paper than assigned the part in it."
And we find the same problem in all our public lives, and institutional and institutional research system that is destined to guarantee trust and trust testing, is actually doing the opposite.
What they do is to do the work of people who have to do hard tasks -- like the parts, demanding them that "they "relief the calls: as we say.
I sure you all know similar examples.
All of that, for the target.
I think the goal should be more trustworthiness. And that things would be different if we try to be a trust of trust and we transmit the people that we are reliable and if we try to determine whether other people, whether or whether other people, or politicians are worthy of trust.
It's not easy. It's the trial, the simple actions -- the attitudes -- which doesn't do properly.
Third, the task.
It's going to call the task to rebuild trust, put things backwards.
It suggests that you and I should rebuild trust.
Well, we can do it with ourselves.
We can reconstruct a little bit of trustworthiness.
We can do it if it's two people, together, trying to improve trust.
But trust, in definition, is a distinctive because we have other people.
You can't rebuild what other people have given you.
You have to give them enough things to trust you.
You've got to be worthy of trust.
And that, of course, is because you can't deceive it, usually to all people, all the time.
But you also have to support free evidence that you're worthy of trust.
How do you do that?
That is done every day, everywhere, do the ordinary people, officials -- the institutions, the institutions very effectively.
I'll give you a simple commercial example.
The store where I bought my socks says I can give them out without giving explanations.
I take them up and give me the money, or they change them by the color that I want.
That's stupid. I trust them because they became vulnerable to me.
I think there's a big lesson on that.
If you become vulnerable to the other part, that's a very good proof that you're worthy of trust and you have trust in what you're saying.
So at the end, I think what we're pointing is not really hard to discuss.
What people trust is in the relationships, and in that framework, they can determine when the other person is dignity of trust.
Thank you.
From the beginning of computers, we have been dealing with reducing the separation between us and digital information, separation between our material world and the world of the screen in which imagination can be disappointed.
This separation has been reduced, increasingly more and more, at such a point that today is less than one millimeter, the thickness of a tactile screen, and the power of computing has become accessible to everyone.
But I ask myself, and if you weren't barriers?
I started imagining what it would be.
First of all, I created this tool that goes into digital space, so that when the opposite opposite against the screen transfers its physical body to peaks.
Designers can match their ideas directly in 3D, and surgeons can practice with virtual organs underneath the screen.
So with this tool you break the barriers apart.
But the two hands remain still outside the screen.
How do you get inside and interact with digital information using all the dexterity of your hands?
In the division of Microsoft Sciences from Microsoft, along with my mentor Catel Boulex, he redesigned the computer and transformed a little space on the keyboard in a digital area of work.
Competing a transparent view with depth cameras to detect the fingers and the face, you can now raise the hands of the keyboard, get inside 3D space, and grab pixels directly with hands.
As windows and files have a location in real space, select them is as easy to grab a book of a shelf.
You can run the book and turn lines or words with the virtual tension sensor that is below every floating screen.
The architects can stretch or rotate their muscles directly with their hands.
In these examples, we enter the digital world.
What if we invest the papers and make digital information come to us?
Sure, many of us have bought and developed things by the Internet.
Now that doesn't have to worry.
What I have here is a virtual test for the Internet.
This is the vision that you get from a mountain device in your head or translation when the system understands the geometry of your body.
If we take this idea further, I thought, instead of just seeing pixels in space, how can we make them physical so that we can touch them and feel it?
What would a future look like this?
At the MIT Media Lab, with my tutor Hiroshi Island, and my collaborator Rimban Post, we created this only physical pink.
This spherical magnet is behaving as a 3D pixel in space, which means that both the computer as users can move the object anywhere inside this little three-dimensional space.
Simplicity, what we did was we analyzed gravity and control the movement through a combination of magnetic levitation and mechanical and detectors and detectors.
And when we digitally program the object, we release it from the constraints of time and space, which means that human movements can record and go back and play and stay in the physical world.
You can teach physical choreography and distance and famous take of Michael Jordan, you can reproduce as a physical reality the times we want.
Students can use it as a tool to understand complicated concepts like the planets movement -- physics, and, unlike the mountains or text books, this is a real and palpable experience you can play and feel. It's very powerful.
But what's more fascinating than changing the physical part of the computer is to imagine how to program the world is going to change our everyday physical activities.
As you see, digital information won't only show us something but to start acting directly about us as part of the physical world around us without that we have to get rid of our world.
We started the talk today talking about a barrier, but if we suppress that barrier, the only limit that remains is our imagination.
Thank you.
I was trained to become a girl for two years in Hunter, China, in the '70s.
When I was in first grade, the government wanted to transfer me to a school for athletes with all expenses payments.
But my mother tiger said, "No."
My parents wanted me to become an engineer, like them.
After survived the Cultural Revolution, they believed strongly that there was only a road path to happiness -- a safe work and well remote.
No matter if the work would like or not.
But my dream was to be a Chinese pin.
This was me, in my imaginary piano.
An opera singer should start to train from very young people to learn the architects, so I tried everything I could to go to the opera school.
I had been written to the director of school and a radio program.
But no adult liked the idea.
No adult took me seriously.
Only my friends supported me, but they were kids, no authority like me.
So at age 15 years, I knew it was too much bigger to train.
My dream will never be done.
I feared that during the rest of my life a happiness of second class was the only thing that I could aspire to.
And this was so unfair.
So I solved looking for another calling.
No one around me wanted to teach me? Okay.
I went back to books.
(Choice Completely Changest --  (Audience Students History" -- "The Historian Historian Student Congress" in 1995, and what were the first books that I read here?
Those who were banned in China, of course.
The Good Earth is about Chinese Chinese life.
And it's not a convenient propaganda. I understand.
The Bible is interesting, but odd.
That's a topic for another day.
But the fifth commandment for me was a revolution: "Honey to your father and your mother."
"How I said, I said, "It's so different, and much better than to obey out."
So it became my tool to come out of this conference of conference color and to reinvent the relationship with my parents.
The encounter with a new culture also led to my corporate reading habit.
It provides a lot of perspectives.
For example, at the beginning, this map seemed to me out of place, because this is what the students in China learn.
I had never occurred to me that China didn't have to be in the center of the world.
A map involves people's perspective.
comparative reading is not new.
It's a common practice in the academic world.
There's even field of research as corporate religion and comparative literature.
And compare and contract to the academics a deeper understanding of a subject.
And I thought if the comparative reading worked to research, why not do it also in everyday life?
So I started reading books from two.
You can have "next French France from Walter Isaach from David McCuir from David McCubra who were involved in a same substance, or friends with shared experiences.
For the crisis, the temptation is economic, politics and spiritual ones.
For the Buddha, they're all psychologists, luxury, fear and social duty -- interesting.
If you know another language, it's also fun to read your favorite books in two languages.
"The Cather de Chun Tube That's "The Tatleen of The Tasman." Alan Watsons instead of losing the translation -- I found you can win a lot of it.
For example, this is through the translation that I realized that happiness in Chinese literally means "rapidly meaning."
And "Norman in Chinese, literally means new mother."
The books opened me a magic door to connect with people from the past and the present.
I know it's not going to feel alone or powerless again.
Having a destroyed dream really is nothing compared to what many others have suffering.
I've come to believe that reality is not the only purpose of a dream.
Their most important purpose is to connect with the place that the dreams come from, where the passion comes from, where happiness comes from.
Even a desperate dream can do that for you.
And it's because of the books, that I'm here, happy, living again with purpose and clearly, most of the time.
So books are always accompanied them.
Thank you.
Thank you.  Thank you.
When I was in my 20s, I saw my first psychopathic customers.
I was a Ph.D. student in Clinton psychology in Berkeley.
She was a 26 year-old woman named Alex.
Alex came into the first session using vaccines and a hotel car, and he threw the couch of my office removed the shoes and told me he wanted to talk about his problems with men.
When I heard this, I felt so clear.
My class company had a picture as a prime client as a first client.
And I took a veteran that I wanted to talk about men.
I thought I could handle it.
But I didn't.
With the Chinese stories that Alex brought to the sessions, it made me easy to just move the head while we would delay the solution.
"The trials are the new vicebourds, he said, Alex -- and so I saw, she was right.
You start working afterwards, your kids later, you have children later, until death happens later.
To versions like Alex and I had a time of above.
But shortly after, my superconductor was introduced to press Alex who would talk about his loving life.
I was resist.
I said, "Of course, he's coming out with guys under his category, and he goes up with a hollow head, but it's not like it was going to marry him."
And then my superconductor said, "It's still not, but maybe it's married with the next time.
In addition, the best moment to work in Alex marriage is before he happened.
This is what psychologists call a "And the Moore moment."
It was when I realized that the '30s are not the new 20.
Yes, people feel head after what was used to, but this didn't make the 20 of Alex were a pause in their development.
This made the 20 of Alex were the perfect moment and we were wasting it.
So I realized that this benign negative class was a real problem and had real consequences, not only for Alex and his loving life but for the careers, the families and the future of vertical videos.
There are 50 million versions in America, today.
This means 15 percent of the population, or 100 percent if you consider that no one gets to adulthood.
Raise your hand if you're in your 20.
I want to see the vertebrates here.
Oh, yeah! They're amazing.
If you work with veterans, love a vest, you remove the dream of a veteran, I want to see -- OK. Amazing.
This is not just my opinion. These are the facts.
We know that 80 percent of the key moments in life will happen at 35 years.
This means that eight of every 10 decisions and experiences and moments "Anonym, who shapes their life will have happened to when they have 30 and so much.
People from over 40, don't get into panic.
This audience is going to be good, I think.
We know that the first 10 years of a career have an exponential impact on how much money they will win.
We know that over half the Americans are married, they live or they're coming out with their future partner at 30 years.
We know that the brain ends up its second and last growth stage in its 20s and represents for adulthood, which means that if there is something they want to change themselves, now it's time to change it.
We know that personality changes more times during their 20s than at any time in life, and we know that female fertility comes up to its top at 28 and things become complicated at 35 degrees.
The '60s are the moment to educate about their body and their options.
When we think about the development of the child, we all know that the first five years are crucial for language and attachment in the brain.
It's a moment where his daily life lives and common has an implicated impact on the person who will become the person.
But what we don't hear often is that there is something called adult development, and our 20 is a critical moment in adult development.
But this is not what the passengers are listening.
The newspapers talk about changes on the timeline.
Researchers call at the age of 20 an extended adolescence.
The journalists take ridiculous names to the vertebrates as "Twilistines: "And "buttown.
It's true.
As a culture, we've considered a trivial that's actually the decade that defines the adulthood.
Leonardo Berneid said that to achieve big things, you need a plan and not enough time.
Isn't it?
What do you think happens when you give a painter in your head and say, you have another 10 years to start your life?"
Nothing happens.
They stole that person the sense of urgency and their ambition and it doesn't happen absolutely anything.
And then every day, smart versions, interesting like you or your children and daughters come to my office and say something like this: "I know my girlfriend is not good for me, but this relationship doesn't count, I'm just killing time."
Or they say, "You all say that as you start a career before the 30, everything will be good."
But then it starts to sound something like this: "My 20 are to end and I still have nothing to show you.
I had better curriculum the day I graduated from college.
And then it starts to sound something like this: "My quotes during the '60s were like the game of the chairs.
They all run and they fun, but then at some point about 30, the music took off, and they all began to sit up.
I didn't want to be the only one who would stay standing, so sometimes I think I married my husband because he was the nearest chair when he was 30.
Where are the passengers here?
Don't do that.
Well, that sounds a little extreme, but you don't wrong, the risks are very high.
When you leave a lot of things for the '30s -- there's a huge pressure to the trials and so many of you start a career, pick a city, pick a mate, choose a mate, and have two or three children in a much shorter period of time.
Many of these things are not complicated, and there are research that starts to show that it's much more difficult and stressful to do everything at 30.
The crisis of the media age is not about buying red sports cars.
It's about realizing that you can't have the career you want now.
Realizing you can't have the son you want now, or you can't give you a brother to your son.
A lot of triangles and cultures look at themselves, and to me, sitting in the room, and they talk about their 20, "What was I doing? What was I thinking?"
I want to change what the vegetables are doing and thinking.
Here's a story of how it could be.
It's a story about a woman called Emma.
At the age of 25, Emma came to my office because he was in his own words, having an identity crisis.
He said he would like to work in art or entertainment, but he still couldn't decide, so I spent the last few years working as a message.
As I was cheaper, I lived with a girlfriend that showed more early than it was ambition.
And despite living about 20 very difficult, their previous life had been even harder.
He cried often in our session, but then she stood up herself by saying, "You don't choose your family, but you can choose your friends."
Well, one day Emma got his head on his legs and cry for almost every hour.
He just bought a new little book for a director, and he had spent the whole morning using her many contacts, but then he was looking at the empty space that follows after the words "In case of emergency -- please call me ...
I was at the point of history when he saw me and said, "Who's going to be for me if I have a cardiacle accident?
Who is going to take care of me if I get care?
At that time, I got a lot of work to resist and not say, "Aye."
What Emma needed was not a therapy that really cares about.
Emma needed a better life, and I knew this was his opportunity.
I had learned a lot since I worked with Alex to just sit up as the decade decision of Emma went ahead.
So, for the next weeks and months, I told Emma three things that all of the vesticity, man or woman, deserves know.
First of all, I said to Emma that would forget about that crisis of identity and getting identity capital.
By the capital of identity, I mean doing something that adds value to his person.
Doing something that is an investment in what they want to be after.
And I didn't know the future of Emma career, and nobody knows the future of work, but I know this: capital.
So now it's time for that work on the other side of the country, from that interface, from that company that you want to test.
I'm not describing the verbal exploration, I'm describing the exploration that I should not count, which, by the way, it's not exploration, by the way.
It's practice.
I said to Emma that I would explore jobs and made them tell them.
Second, I told Emma that urban tribes are subsidies.
The best friends are excellent to take you to the airport, but the versions that are together with friends with similar minds are limited in terms of who know what they know, how they think, how they talk, and where they work.
That new piece of capital -- that new person who will get almost always comes from outside of its closest circle.
The new things come from what they're called weak friends of friends of their friends.
Yes, half of the vesticides have a bad job, or they don't have work.
But the other half not, and weak links are the way to hang this group.
Half of the jobs are never published, then, knowing the boss of your neighbor is how you get a job not published.
It's not cheating. It's the science of how information happens.
Finally, not least, Emma thinks you don't choose your family, but you know your friends.
This was true when I was growing up, but as a veterinary, Emma soon will choose his family when he has a partner and he shapes his own family.
I told Emma that the time to choose his family had arrived.
Maybe you think that 30 is better age to feel like the 20 or even 25 and even 25 and even agree with you.
But to choose the person that you live right now or you are right now when everyone on Facebook starts walking towards the altar.
The best moment to work on your marriage is before you have, and that involves being so intentional in love as you are at work.
To choose your family must be a conscious choice of who and what you want instead of just making it work or kill your time with who you have to choose you.
So what about Emma?
Well, we looked at that principal, and she found the quarter of a cousin that worked in a museum of art in another state.
This weak link helped him get a job there.
That work supply gave him a reason to leave the novel that he lived with.
Now, five years later, it's special organization of events in museums.
This married with a man who chose consciously considered.
She loves his new career, love his new family, and he sent me a letter that said, "Now the spaces of emergency contact are not big enough.
Emma story can sound easy, but that's what I love working with versions.
It's very easy to help them.
The vesticides are like airplanes that come out of the Los Angeles airport that go out somewhere from the West.
Right before the law, a slight slight in its trajectory makes the difference between Alaska or Fire.
In the same way, at 21 or at the age of 21, a good conversation, a good conversation, a good design -- a good TED Talk can have huge effects in the next few years or even the next generation.
Here is my idea of defining all the verbs that you know.
It's as simple as what I learned to tell Alex.
It's what I now have the privilege of saying to versions like Emma every day -- the trials are not the new 20, they collect their adulthood, they get identity, they use their weak links, they nominate your family.
They don't let me define what they didn't know or what they didn't do.
They're deciding their life today.
Thank you.
When I was 27 years old, I left a very demanding job in a general consulting for a work that was even more executed, the doctor.
I went to show you mathematics to graduate students in New York public schools.
And as any professor, I applied tests and test.
I give them tasks.
When the work came back, he calculated grades.
What called me the attention was that C wasn't the only difference between my best and my worst students.
Some of the people who had a better performance didn't have a photo of Christian C.
Some of my smartest children were not going so well.
And that got me thinking.
The kind of things that you need to learn in mathematics in grade seventh degrees, safe, are difficult, proportions, decisions, the area of a paradigm.
But these concepts are not impossible and I was very convinced that each of my students could learn the lesson if they worked hard and over time enough.
After several years of doctor, I came to the conclusion that what we need in education is a better understanding of students and learning from a motivation perspective, from a psychological perspective.
In education, the only thing we know how to measure better way.
It's C. But what if to succeed in school and life depends on much more than the ability to learn in fast and easy way to learn in a fast and easy way?
So I left the classrooms and I went to college to become psychologist.
I started studying kids and adults in all kinds of challenging scenarios, and in every study my question was, who has success here and why?
My research team and I went to the Michael West Western Academy.
We tried to predict what cars stay in military training and who would be retreat.
We went to the National Congress Congress, and we tried to predict what kids move up as far as possible in competition.
We study the novel teachers working in really difficult neighborhoods, wondering what teachers still will be teaching for the end of the school year and those who will be the most effective in improving the results of their students.
We associate with private companies, asking ourselves, what about these marketers are going to keep their jobs off?"
And who's going to make more money?
In all of those very different contexts emerged a feature as an important prediction of success.
And it wasn't social intelligence.
It wasn't the good appearance, the physical health, and it wasn't the C.
It was determination.
determination is passion and perseverance.
The determination is to have resistance.
The determination is clinging to their future, day after day, not only for the week, not only for the month, but for years and working really hard to make that future a reality.
The determination is to live life as if it was a marathon.
A few years ago, I started studying determination in the public schools of Chicago.
I asked thousands of high school students to do my determination stuff and then wait around a year to see who they graduate.
It turns out that children with more determination had significantly greater likely to graduate -- even when I pushed them into every feature that I could measure, things like family income, the results of standardized tests, even the security that children felt when they were in school.
So not only is it in West Point or in the National Delicious Council where the determination matters -- it's also in school, especially for kids in risk of abandoning it.
For me, the most shocking thing about determination is how little we know, how little you know about your development.
Every day, parents and teachers ask me, "How do we develop determination in children?
What should I do to teach children a typical work of work?
How do I keep them motivated for the long term?
The most honest answer is: I don't know.  What I know is that talent doesn't give them.
Our data shows very clearly that there are many talented individuals that are simply not going to go ahead with their commitment.
In fact, in our data, the common determination is not related or even related to the talent measurements.
So far, the best idea I've heard about developing determination in children is something called growth mentality."
This is an idea developed at Stanford University by Carol Diki, and it's the belief that the ability to learn is not fine, that it can change with effort.
Dr. Diki has shown that when kids read and learn about the brain and how it changes and grows in response to the challenge, they're much more likely to pursue when they fail, because they don't think that failure is a permanent condition.
So growth mindset is a great idea to develop determination.
But we need more.
And that's where my speech, because that's where we are.
That's the work we have in front of it.
We need to take our best ideas, our stronger intuitions and we need to test them.
We need to measure if they've been successful, and we need to be willing to fail, to be wrong, to start all back with the lessons of learning.
In other words, we need to be determined about making our children more determined.
Thank you.
Growing up in Taiwan as the daughter of a church, one of my most scary memories is my mother showing me beauty, the shape and the shape of Chinese characters.
Since that moment, I was amazed by this incredible language.
But for an extreme, it seems as impressive as the Great Wall China.
In the last few years, I've been wondering if I can break this wall, so that what I want to understand and appreciate the beauty of this sophisticated language can do it.
I started thinking about how a new and quick method of learning Chinese could be useful.
Since I was five years old, I started learning how to draw each of the traces of each character in the right sequence.
I learned new characters every day for the next 15 years.
Because we only have five minutes, it's better than we do it in a faster and simple way.
A Chinese academic would understand 20,000 characters.
You only need a thousand to understand basic literacy.
The first 200 will allow you to understand 40 percent of the basic literature, enough to read traffic signals, messages of restaurant, understanding the basic idea of websites or newspapers.
Today I'll start with eight to show you how the method works.
Are you ready?
They open their mouth as much as it is possible until it's square.
They get a mouth.
This is a person who's going to give a walk.
Person.
If the shape of fire is a person with arms on both sides, as if I was screaming in a fresh way, "Autobiotic," I'm like them -- this symbol is actually originally original in the form of the call, but I like to believe that it's the other way. What it works.
This is a tree.
tree.
This is a mountain.
The sun.
The moon.
The department of the door looks like a couple doors from a song in the old West.
I call these eight characters.
They're building blocks to create many more characters.
One person.
If someone walks back, that's the security."
As the ancient said, two are company, three are multiple.
If one person would stretch their arms, this person is saying, "It was like this big.
The person inside the mouth, the person is stuck.
It's a prisoner, such as Jones inside the whale.
A tree is a tree. Two trees together, we have a forest.
Three trees together, we also have the forest.
They put a table under the tree, we have the city.
Put a mouth on the tree, that's a device."  Easy to remember, because a parliament tree is quite ideal.
Remember the fire?
Two fire together, it's very hot.
Three fire together, that's a lot of flames.
Put the fire under the two trees, that is to burn up.
For us, the sun is the source of prosperity.
Two sunscreens together, I guess.
Three together, those are details.
Put the sun and Moon back together, that's the brilliant.
It also means tomorrow, after one day and a night.
The sun comes out on the horizon. It will communicate.
A door. Put a plank inside the door, it's the door of the door.
Put a mouth inside the door, ask questions.
Tok, did you have someone at home?
This person is coming out of a door, scaled, evidence.
On the left, we have a woman.
Two women together, they're discussing them.
Three women together, they have care is adults.
So we've already spent for almost 30 characters.
By using this method, the first eight radical eight will allow you to build 32.
The next group of eight characters will build another 32.
So with every little effort, you'll be able to learn a couple of hundreds of characters -- which is the same as a Chinese child learning.
So after knowing the characteristics, we started creating sentences.
For example, mountain and fire together, we have a fire. It's a volcano.
We know that Japan is the national sun land.
This is a sun placed with the origin because Japan is east in China.
So a sun next to the origin -- we created Japan.
One person behind Japan, what do we have?
A Japanese person.
The character on the left is two mountains just one over the other.
In the ancient China, that meant existence, because Chinese emperor would destroy their political enemies beyond the mountains.
Today, the exile has become out.
A mouth that tells you to where you go out is a salary.
This is a slide to remind me that I should stop talking and down. Thank you.
What I prefer to be Dad is the movies that I come to see.
I love to share my favorite movies with my kids, when my daughter was four years old, we saw the Oz magician together.
The film mastered its imagination for months.
His favorite character was Glass, of course.
He gave him a good excuse to use a brilliant dress and take a magic wand off.
But when you see that film so many times, you get to understand that it's extraordinary.
We now live and create our children in a kind of industrial factory of childhood fantastic.
But the Mag of Oz was an event in itself.
I didn't start that trend.
The trend really took rise four years later, with interestingly, another film whose prototypes, a metal of metal and a floor boy rescued a girl who was dressed as an enemy.
You know what I'm talking about?  Yes.
There's a big difference between these two films, there's a couple of big differences between the Oz May and all the movies that we see today.
One is that there is very little violence in the Ocean magician.
The monkeys are pretty aggressive, like apples.
But I think if the Oz magician is made today, the magician would say, "Dodger, you're the Oz salvation as the teacher predicted it.
You use magic shoes to defeat the computer-generated military breakthroughs.
But that's not what happens.
Another unique thing from the Oz May is that the most heroic characters -- wise and even villages are women.
I started noticing this when I made Star Wars to my daughter, a few years later, and the situation was different.
At that time, I also had a son.
It's just three years.
It wasn't invited to projection because it was still very small for that.
But it was the second son, and the superconductor level had gone down.  So he took off in the room and he was impressed as a mom leg with his courtyards behind it, and I don't think he understood what was going on, but independently, she would absorb everything.
I wonder what would perceive.
Would they be issues of value, perfect and lesson?
Would the feeling that Luke joined an army to defeat the government?
Let's compare this with the 1970s May 1970.
How do you win Douberger your movie?
making good messages with all of them and being a leadership.
It's the kind of world I want my kids to grow up, OK? And not a world of men who fight, which is where we are.
Why is there so much capital Fall force in the movies for our children, and so little about the path of yellow lanes?
There's a lot of literature about the impact of male violence movies in girls, and they should read it. It's very good.
I haven't read so much about how kids react to this standard.
I know for experience that the Leath princess didn't provide the right framework that had served me to navigate the world of adults which is blended --  I think at the moment of the first kiss. I really expected the credit to start to appear because it's the end of the film, right?
My search has finished, I have a girlfriend.
Why are you standing there?
I don't know what I should do.
The movies are focused on depressing the violin and getting their reward, and they don't leave time for other relationships or other adventures.
It's almost like being a child, you have to be a dumb animal, and if you're a girl, you have to use a war suit.
There are a lot of exceptions, and defend the Disney princess to any of you.
But they send a message to kids, even though they say, boys, they're not really their objective audience.
They do a phenomenal job by teaching girls how to defend the patron, but they don't necessarily show kids how to defend the patron.
There's no model for them.
We also have some great women who write new stories for our children, as real as Herbold and Katrinas, but they don't stop being words of war.
Of course, the most successful issue of all time continues to appear in classic after classical after each of them about the adventures of a child or a man, or two men who are friends, or a man and his son, or two men who ate a girl.
Until many of you are thinking, this year, finally came out.
I recommend all of you. It's available in stores.
Remember what the critical said when it came out will?
I can't believe that Pixar has made a movie of a press.
It's very good. Don't let that stop them."
Well, almost none of these films went through the Beach test.
I don't know if you've heard about this.
It hasn't yet taken roots and it's already proposed, but maybe we will start a movement.
Alice Beking is a comic device, and in the middle '80s, I recorded a conversation that I had with a friend of the evaluation of the movies that they saw.
And it's very simple. There are only three questions that must be done, in the movie, there are more than a female character than have lines?
So, you have to fulfill the requirement.
Are these women talking to each other at some point in the film?
Their conversations are about something more apart of the boy than you like it?  All right? Thank you.  Thank you very much.
Two women who exist and talk about things each other.
I have seen it, and yet very rarely I see it in the cinema that we know and love.
In fact, this week I went to see a very good quality film, Argentina.
Right? The U.S. Russians, sustainable success -- a consensus idea of what a quality Hollywood movie is.
Practice, it doesn't happen to Bench test.
And I don't think it should be, because a lot of the movie, I don't know if you've seen it, a lot of the film happens in an ambassador where men and women hide during the corners of the reinspectives.
We have a lot of scenes of men who have deep conversations and painful conversations in this school, and it's the great moment for one of the activists to take a look at the door and say, come to bed, car?
This is Hollywood.
So let's look at the numbers.
In 2011, from the most popular movies, how many of them think they have female protections?
One. It's not bad.
It's not the same percentage that the number of women that we've chosen recently for Congress, so it's fine.
But there's a larger number than this one who's going to play this room.
Last year, The New York Times published a study that the government had done.
This is what he said.
In the United States, one in five women says it's been sexually assaulted once in their life.
I don't think it's the fault of mass entertainment.
I don't think the films for children have something to do with that.
I don't think that music videos or pornography are closely all linked up, but something wrong wrong, and when I hear that statistics, one of the things I think is that there's a lot of sexual addition.
Who are those guys? What are those guys?
What can't you learn?
Are you looking at the story that says that the role of a male hero is to defeat the violin with violence and then charge the reward, which is a woman who doesn't have friends and doesn't talk about?
Are we looking at that story?
You know, as a father with the privilege of raising a daughter like those of you who are doing the same thing, we find this world and this very alarming statistic and we want to prepare them.
Do we have tools to our willingness as a government, and we expect that to help, but I have to ask, will it be able to ask yourself, if at the same time, active or passively are we educating our children to keep their male power?
I mean, I think Netflix list is a way to do something really important, and here I mean primarily to parents.
I think we have to show our children a new definition of man.
The definition of bats is radically changing.
You'll have read about how new economy is changing the role of home and an adaptable.
Everything is changing.
When I asked my daughter what was his favorite character of "Star Wars know what he responded to?
Obamanta.
Windows Kennedy and Glass.
What are these two in common?
Maybe it's not just the brilliant dress.
I think they're experts.
I think these are the two people in those movies who know more than anyone, and they love to share their knowledge with other people to help them achieve their potential.
They're leaders.
I like that kind of stories for my daughter, and I like that kind of stories for my son.
I want more stories like that.
I want you less stories in which you tell my son, and I saw and struggle just and more stories where you see that your job is to join a team, maybe a team led by women, help other people get better and better people, like the Ostock.
Thank you.
As a child, I lived in Maine, and one of the things I liked most was to look for sea cookies, because my parents told me that it would give me luck.
But you know, it's hard to find these coaches.
They're covered from sand and it's hard to see them.
However, over time, I got used to looking for them.
I started seeing shapes and patterns that helped me to collect them.
This became a passion for finding things, in a love for past and architecture.
And finally when I started studying Egyptian, I realized that I saw my own eyes wasn't enough.
Because, suddenly, in Egypt, my little beach in Maine, had grown up to one of almost 1,300 miles long.
And my sea cookies had grown up to the size of cities.
This is really what led me to use satellite images.
To try to make a map of the past, I knew it had to do differently.
I want to show you an example of how much different we see by using infrared infrastructure.
This is a place that's located in the Eastern Delta of Egypt called Benjamin.
And the place, the simple eye, seems to be brown -- but when we use the infrared and we process it using fake color, suddenly the place looks like bright rose.
What you're seeing are the actual chemical changes of landscape caused by the materials of construction and the activities of ancient Egyptians against the materials.
I want to share with you how we used satellite data to find an ancient Egyptian city, called the Transition, lost for thousands of years.
It's the capital of the ancient Egypt for over 400 years in a period of time called the Middle Empire about 4,000 years ago.
The place is located in El Facebook, Egypt, and it's really important because in the Middle Empire -- there was this great renaissance of ancient art, architecture and religion.
Egyptians have always known that Italian was located somewhere near the pyramids of the two kings that built them, indicating inside the red circles here, but somewhere within this enormous aluminum planning.
This area is enormous. It's about six miles per mile.
Before, the Nobel Flow right next to the Stanford side, and as it changed over time, it moved into this and covered all the city.
So how do you find a city in a stranger landscape?
Trying to find it in random would be the equivalent of looking for a needle in a park, with the eyes sold and using baseball gloves using baseball gloves and using baseball gloves and basically using baseball gloves and basically using baseball gloves and basically using baseball eyes.
So, we use NASA sponsors to make a map of the place, with very subtle changes.
We were able to see where the Nile flower.
But you can see more detail, and it's even more interesting, this slightly elevated area that you see inside the circle here, which we thought could be the location of Transmote.
So we collaborated with Egyptian scientists doing management jobs -- you can see it here.
When I say show, it's like the taste shots in ice, but instead of climate change, we look for human occupying layers.
Five meters down, under a thick layer of mud, we found a dense layer of compassionate objects.
This means that in this possible location of Italian, five meters down, we have a layer of occupation of several hundred years that date from the Middle Empire exactly the same period that we think is Tropic.
We also find the jobs of father, colonial, quartz and cat -- which shows that there was a jewelry shop.
This might seem that it's not much, but when we think about the most common stones used in the Middle Empire Jew, these are the stones that were used.
So we have a dense layer of occupation that data from the Middle Empire in this place.
We also have evidence of a elite jewelry workshop that shows that what has been there, was a very important city.
We still don't find the Transition here, but we'll go back to the place in a near future to locate it.
And even more importantly, we have resources to train young Egyptians in the use of satellite technology, so they can also perform big discoveries.
I want to end with my favorite quote from the Middle Empire -- probably he was written in Tranglade 4,000 years ago.
To share knowledge is the biggest of all vocality.
There's nothing like that on the ground.
So it turns out, TED was not founded in 1984 A.D., C.
It made ideas actually happen in 1984 to C. C in a lost city, not for a long time and found from the high.
It certainly puts the search of marine shells.
Thank you very much.
Thank you.
I want to invite you to close your eyes.
So imagine out of the door on the door of the door.
I want you to pay attention to the color of the door, the material that it's done.
Now they visualize a group of native obese in bicycle.
They're competing in a nuclear race of bicycles and they go in direction to their entry door.
I need you to look at this.
They're allowing strong, they're supplying, they're going to go out.
And they collide against the door of his house.
There are bicycles flying around the place, wheels that go on on its side, rays from the wheels that end up in absurd places -- pass the threshold of the door.
The vessel, the passage, or what there is on the other side of the door, and look at the quality of light. The bright light on the Mountain of Galleries.
She's waving them with his hand.
From his chair, on a brown horse.
It's a horse that speaks to it.
You can feel your blue hair doing it on the nose.
You can smell the oats. And you can smell that you're about to get into the mouth.
They go on the one side and they train their living room.
In the room, and making maximum use of his imagination, imagine Britney Spanish.
He's with little clothes, dancing on his center message, singing "Hi Baby One Time Mom."
Now let's go to the kitchen.
The soil has been coated with a yellow road path and from the oven, come to you Douberger, the man of Harroom, the Spanish and the Leonard Magazine of "The Mobile of "The Magical of "The Magine: Sand of hands, jumping into you.
Okay. Open your eyes.
I want to tell you about a peculiar contest that takes every spring in New York.
It's called the United States Campus."
I went to cover this event a few years ago as a scientific journalist, waiting for me, I suppose, that this was like the end of a wise supercomputer.
There were several men and a few different ages of different ages and different hygiene.
They were memorizing hundreds of random numbers, looking at them just once.
They memorize the names of dozens and dozens of strangers.
They memorized entire poems in just minutes.
They compete to see who could memorize the order of a deck of nations.
And I thought, "This is amazing."
These people must be phenomena from nature.
And I started talking to some of the competitors.
This is a man named Ed Cook who had come from England and has one of the best trained memories.
I said, "Well, when did you realize that you were a sobby?
Ed said, "I am not a know.
Actually, I have a average memory.
All of those who participate from this competition say they have normal memory.
We have been trained to perform these miraculous acts of memory using an old techniques, invented 2,500 years ago in Greece, the same techniques I used Cancer to memorize their speech, and that medieval academics used to memorize entire books.
And my reaction was, "Wow, how do you have no heard of this before?
We were standing outside the hall of the competition, and Ed who is a wonderful and brilliant English English -- although a little bit of an exciting, he said, "Japan," you are a American journalist.
Do you know Britney Spanish?
And I said, "What? No, why?
Because I would like to teach Britney Spanish how to memorize order in a live nanotex deck in the national television.
That would prove to the world that anyone can do it."
And I said, "Well, I'm not Britney Spanishes, but maybe you can teach me.
Or do you have to start by something no?"
And that was the beginning of a very strange journey for me.
I ended up spending most of the next year not only training my memory, but also by researching it, trying to understand how it works, why sometimes it doesn't work, and what their potential can be.
I met a lot of really interesting people.
This is a man called E.
He's important, very probably with the worst memory in the world.
His memory was so bad that he didn't even remember that he had a memory problem, it's amazing.
Someone incredibly tragic -- but it was a window that allows us to see how far our memory makes us who we are.
On the other end of the spectrum, I met this man.
This is Kim Perred. He was based for Dutch House role in the movie Ray Man."
We spent a afternoon together in the public library of Salt Lake City, memorize phone guides -- it was centralized.
And by going back, I read a number of treaties about written memory something over 2,000 years ago in Latin, and then in the Middle Ages.
And I learned a lot of really interesting things.
One of the most interesting things I learned is that there was a time when this idea of having memorable memories, disciplined and culture was not such a rare thing as it can seem like today.
A long time ago, people invest in their memory, in providing their minds.
These techniques have made our modern world, but they've also changed us.
They have changed us, and I would say that they have changed us as well.
As almost we don't have to remember, sometimes it looks like we've forgotten how to do it.
One of the last places on our planet where people are still passionate by this idea of a trained memory, disciplined and cultural commitment, is this very unique memory of memory.
It's actually not so silence, there are competition like this around the world.
I was fascinated -- I wanted to know how these people do.
A few years ago, a group of researchers from the University College of London invited a group of memory champions to the lab.
They wanted to know: Does it have brains in some way, structural or analyzed brains of the rest of us?
The answer was, no.
Are they more intelligent than the rest of it?
They gave them a cognitive test battery, and the answer was actually not.
There was yet a really interesting and significant difference between the brains of memory champions and the control subjects that they bought them.
When they put them into a magnetic resonance machine, they climbed their brains as they memorized numbers, expensive and shape of snow copyright, found that in memory champions they were lighting parts of the brain, different to others.
They actually used to, or they seemed to use, a part of the brain that involves spatial memory and navigation.
Why? Is there something we can learn from this?
The tournament of competitive memory is driving like a armed race where every year appears someone with a new way to remember more things, faster quickly, and then the rest of the competitors must be put a day.
This is my friend Ben Prime, three times start of memory.
On his desk, in front of him, there are 36 bars of designers that he's about to try to memorize in an hour, using a technique that he invented and he just mastered it.
He used a similar technique to memorize the precise order of 440 random binary digits.
In half an hour. Yes.
And as there are a lot of ways to remember things in these competition, absolutely all of the techniques used at the end of the way are reduced to one concept that psychologists call electronic coderication."
It illustrates with an elegant paradigm known as the Barbara Park Parkinson's paradox," I say to two people who remember the same word -- I tell you. Remember that there is a man called Baker."
That's his apple.
And then I ask you, "You remember that there's a barber pandemic."
And when I go back later, and I ask them, "Do you remember that word I told you a rat?
Remember what was it?"
The person who was told that their name is Barbara is unlikely to remember the same word that the person who was told that their work is "barrier."
The same word, different reform capability, that's weird.
What happens here?
Well, the name Baker, it doesn't actually mean anything for you.
With all the other memories they dance by their head.
But the word "are barrellism." We know pandemics.
They use white shared simple.
They have horse in their hands.
They smell well when they come home to work.
We probably know some pandemic.
And when we hear that word for the first time, we started putting associated packages to make them very easily at some point.
One of the most elaborate techniques to make this data from 2,500 years ago in the ancient Greece Graph.
It's known as the palm of memory."
The story says this: there was a poet called Symmercis who assisted a bank.
They had hired it as entertainment, because before, if you wanted to give a very good party, it didn't bring a Douber, you would hire a poet.
He stood out of foot, he got his memory poem, and he marched up, and so soon he went, the hall out of the bank collapsed.
killing them all.
But not only killed them all, but it destroyed the bodies by allowing them irrelevant.
No one could say who was there, nobody could remember where they were sitting there.
So they couldn't be buried by bodies.
One tragedy behind the other.
Simple, standing outside, unique survivor, in the middle of the rubble, closed the eyes and realized that with the eyes of their mind, I could see where it had been sitting every invented.
I took the family of the hand by bringing them into where their loved beings were like between the rubble seasons.
What Symmerties warned at that moment is something that we all know about more or less intuitive, and it is that no matter if we're not good to remember names or phone numbers or word instructions of the word of our colleagues, we have visual memory and special memory.
If you ask me to get the first 10 words of the story that I just told you about Simistonian, it's very likely to do it very hard to do it.
But I would bet if you asked them to say who was sitting on the front horse brown in their lobby, they would be able to visualize it.
The idea of memory palm is to create this building with the eyes of your mind and put it out of images with things that you want to remember -- the more crazy -- the more crazy -- the grandmother, and the spinal and apple is the image, more influenced to be.
This is a advice that comes from over 2,000 years ago to the first memory treaties in Latin, later.
And how does it work?
Let's say that you have been invited to the TED stage to give a talk and they want to do it of memory, in the same way that they had done it City if they had invited it to TEDx 2,000 years ago.
What you could do is imagine that you're at the door of your house.
And to imagine some kind of absolutely ridiculous, crazy and invisible image, to help them remember that the first thing you want to mention is that completely intractable competition.
And then you can imagine coming into your house, and you can see the Monterey of the Gallery Gallery on Mister Ed.
And that would remind you that you want to introduce your friend Ed Cook.
And then you would see British Spanishes to remind you that funny anecdote that you want to count.
And then they went into the kitchen, and the fourth issue that they would talk about would be that strange journey they did for a whole year, and they have some friends to help them remember it.
This is how the Roman speakers memorize their speech, not word by word -- that will confuse them but typical per capita.
In fact, the typical term comes from the Greek criticize, which means "place."
It's a vegetable of when people thought about the origami and the rhetoric with this species of space terms.
The phrase on the first place, it would be like the first place in your memory station.
I saw that this was just fascinating, and I got myself in it.
I went to some of these memory competitions, and I had the idea of writing something extinct about this competitive memory subculture of computers.
But there was a problem.
The problem was that a competition of memory is a potentially boring event.
Seriously, it's like seeing a lot of people sitting by taking exams. I mean, the most exciting thing that happens is when someone is massage in front of it.
I'm a journalist, and I need to be able to write about something.
I know there are amazing things happening in the minds of these people, but I don't have access.
I realized that if I was going to tell this story, I needed to try to put myself in its place.
So I started spending 15 or 20 minutes every morning, before I sat to see the New York Times, just trying to remember something.
Maybe a poem or the names of an old school anti-out bought in a mushroom market.
And I discovered that this was surprisingly entertaining.
I never expected it to be.
It was fun, because it wasn't just training memory.
What is actually trying to do is better and more the ability to create and imagine these ridiculous images, comics, productive, insulins, absolute absolute and indicator operation, in the eye of mind.
I got pretty excited about this.
This is me, using my standard standard training for memory competition.
It's a couple of ears and some security glasses covered with tape leaving only two holes, because distraction.
I ended up coming back to the same contest that I had covered a year before, I had the idea that I could come in, in a kind of a participatory personality.
I thought this could serve from good epidemic for all my research.
The problem was that the experiment came out of control.
And I won the context, something that didn't have to happen.
Of course, it's cute to be able to memorize speech, and phone numbers, and you have purchases -- but actually this is not the point.
These are just tricks.
Because they're based on pretty basic principles about how the brain works.
And it's not necessary that you can build palms from memory or memorize board ships -- to benefit with a little bit of perspective about how your mind works.
We often talk about people with a big memory as if it would be an innate gift, but it's not the case.
Great memories are educated.
At the most basic level, we remember when we pay attention.
We remember when we concentrate deeply.
The palation of memory -- these memory techniques, are just shortcuts.
In fact, they're not even really strangers.
They work because they make us work.
They force a kind of deep processing -- a kind of complete attention that most of us don't even run around there.
But the reality is that there are no shortcuts.
This is how things are made by memories.
And if there's something I want to leave you with today, it's what E. the ambition I couldn't even remember that I had a memory problem, I left me to me, which is the notion that life is the sum of our memories.
How much are we willing to lose from what's already our short existence in Blacks or iPhone, not paying attention to the human being in front of us, who walks on our side. We will be so honest that we don't even bother us to process in profession?
I learned from the first hand that there are incredible memory capabilities in all of us.
But if you want to live a memorable life, you must be the kind of person that I remember remember.
Thank you.
I'm going to talk to you today about the last 30 years of the history of architecture.
It's a lot to cover in 18 minutes.
It's a complex subject, so we will tackle only a complex place, New Jersey.
Because 30 years ago, I'm from Nice Jersey, I was six years old, and I lived there at my parents' home in a village called Lindollo, and this was my child's bedroom.
On the corner, from my bedroom. I was the bathroom that shared with my sister.
And in my bedroom and the bathroom, there was a balcony that gave the living room.
And there all happened to be the rat looking at the telly -- so every time I went from my room to the bathroom, they all saw me -- and every time I was shower and I went back into a towel.
And I was like this.
It was terrible, insecure and hated it.
I hated that record, hated that ball, hated that room and that house.
That's architecture.
Listen.
Those feelings, those emotions that I felt, that is the power of architecture, because architecture is not about mathematics, but architecture of areas but of those visceral connections, emotional connections, that we feel in the places we come in.
And it's no wonder that we feel that way, because according to the Environmental Protection Agency -- Americans spend 90 percent of their time underground.
I mean, 90 percent of the time we're surrounded by architecture.
That's a lot.
Architecture determines us in ways we don't even realize us.
That makes us a little bit of naive and very, very predictable.
This means that when I show you a building like this, I know what it expands: "They think of power, "stranger," democratization."
And I know that you think about it for based on a building a 2,500 years ago by the Greeks.
This is a trick.
It's an instant that uses architects to create an emotional connection with the ways we build our buildings.
It's a predictable emotional connection, we've used this trick for a long time, a long time.
We use it 200 years ago to build banks.
We used it in the 19th century to build art museums.
And in the 20th century, we used it to build houses.
Look, these stable soldiers, solid, in front of the sea, away from the elements.
This is very, very useful, because building things is frightening.
It's expensive, it takes a long time and it's very complicated.
The people who build -- the planners and the governments, are always afraid of innovation, and they prefer to use ways they know they're going to work.
So we found buildings like this.
It's a nice building.
It's the Public Public of Lightnine who ended up in 2004, and in my hometown, and, you know, it has a dome -- it has this round thing, colonial, red brick -- that let us interview what Lincoln tries to communicate with this building, the children, the property values of ownership, the story.
But it doesn't have a lot to do with a library today.
That same year, in 2004, on the other side of the country, it ended another library, which looks like this.
It's in Seattle.
This library shows how we use communication media in the digital age.
It's a new kind of public equipment for the city, a place to meet and read and share.
So how is it possible that in the same year, in the same country, two buildings, both libraries -- are so completely different?
And the answer is that architecture works according to the beginning of the population.
On one side there is innovation -- architects that constantly drive new technologies, new technologies, new solutions for today's forms of life.
We drive, we push and push so much, that we get completely away from people.
All of the black -- this is depressed. You think we feel very well, but we're dead inside because we don't have another choice.
We have to go on the other side and go back to connect with those standard symbols.
So we do that, and we're all happy, but we are all happy, but we feel like tragedies, so we started to experiment again -- we make the power back to the back, over and over again. So we've done it in the last 300 years, and of course, in the last 30 years.
Well, 30 years ago, we went out of the '70s.
The architects were busy experimenting with the climate called."
It's about concrete.
That can be additional.
Small windows on the muscle scale.
Something really hard.
So we came up with the '80s, and we started to incorporate those symbols.
Let's push the town back in the other direction.
We take those forms we know that we know and we update them.
We add up and add cake and we use new materials.
They love it.
We don't take any advantage.
We took Christmas arms and we turned them into skyscrapers that can be medieval chairs made out of glass.
The shapes were graduated, they won in audacity and color.
The ends became columns.
Stories grew up to the size of buildings.
A crazy.
But it was the 1980s, that was great.
We all spend the rat in commercial centers, we moved to the neighborhoods, and there in the suburbs, we can create our own architectural fantasy.
Those fantasies could be the Mediterranean, the French or the Italian.
It was probably with a bread of bread.
This is what happens with post-conflict.
This is what happens with symbols.
They're easy, they are cheap, because instead of creating new spaces, we prescribe memories from other places.
I know very well, and you all know, this is not the Torque.
This is Ohio.
The architects are frustrated and we started making the ability to be able to do the new direction again.
In the '80s and early '90s, we started experimenting with the so-called decomputing.
We download the historical symbols -- now we have new technical design techniques, and we find ourselves with new composition, some ways that are crashing against other forms.
This is academic and embarrassing, and it's super impossible. You have totally excluded.
Normally, the designer population again in opposite direction.
But then, something amazing happened.
In 1997, this building.
It's the Guinea of Billie, from Frank George.
This building changed fundamentally the relationship of the world with architecture.
Paul Golden said that Bilbao was one of those rare moments when we critics and academics and public in general, were completely agreed about a building.
The New York Times called this miracle construction of it.
The tourism in Bilbao increased at a 2,500 percent when the building ended.
So suddenly, everybody wanted one of those buildings, Los Angeles, Seattle, Chicago, New York, Cleveland, Spirity.
Everybody wanted one, and George was everywhere.
He was our first star architect.
But how is it possible that these forms, wild and radical ways, how is it possible to become ubiquitous around the world?
And it happened, because the media was gained around them and quickly learned that those shapes meant culture and tourism.
We've created an emotional reaction with these forms.
The same thing they did is the major mayor of the world.
And they all believed that if they had these forms, they had culture and the tourism.
This phenomenon of beginning the new millennials with other star architects with other stars.
He happened to Zaya and Liberia, and what happened with these few elite architects in the threshold of new millennium, actually started going through all of architecture, digital media began to increase the speed of information consumption.
Think about it, for example, how do you consume architecture.
A thousand years ago, they would have to have walked up to the next town to see a building.
The transportation is accepted, you can take a ship, an airplane, you can be tourists.
The technology accelerates -- you can see in the newspapers, in the telly and in the end, all of us are photographers of architecture, and the building becomes beyond their physical location.
Architecture is everywhere. That means that the speed of communications finally has reached the speed of architecture.
Because architecture moves so fast.
It doesn't do a long time to think about a building.
It takes a long time to build a building, three or four years old, and at that time, an architect can design 2, eight, or 100 more buildings, before you know if the one who designed four years ago was a success or not.
Because has never been good feedback in architecture.
That's how we find buildings like this.
Brother was not a two-year-old movement, but 20 years.
For 20 years, we were building buildings like this because we had no idea how much they stopped.
That's never going to happen, I think, because we're in the threshold of the biggest revolution in architecture from the invention of the horizon, steel or assistance, and it's the media revolution.
So my theory is that when the media applies to media, it starts to grow faster and faster, until it will be in both extreme extremes almost in simulator, and it is effectively developed the difference between innovation and symbol, between us, the architects, and you, the public.
We can now do almost institutional symbols with emotional charge, something completely new.
Let me show you how the system works in a project that my company ended up recently.
We were hired to replace this building that came up.
This is the center of a village called Pines in Fire Island, in the state of New York.
It's a community of vacation.
But that meant two years before the building, it was already part of the community, and as the drawings looked exactly the finished product, there were no surprise.
The building came to be part of the community. That first summer, when people started coming up and shared it in social media, the building stopped being just a building, became a media, because these are not just images of a building, they're the images that you made from the building.
And as you use them to tell your story, they become part of the personal narrative -- and that makes corruption with collective memory, and when you charge these symbols.
I mean, we don't need the Greeks to tell us how to think architecture.
We can tell us how much we think about architecture, because digital media hasn't only changed the relationship between us, but they've changed the relationship between us and buildings.
Think about a second in those Libraries of Lincoln.
If that building is built today, we first went to the Internet in search of new libraries."
We would be bombarded with examples of experience, of innovation, about what a library can be.
That's monitoring.
ammunition that can lead to the mayor of Lincoln, the people in Lincoln, and tell you that there is no unique response to what a library is today.
We're part of this.
This abundance of solutions gives freedom to experience.
It's all different now.
The architects are no longer those mysterious creatures that use glamorous words and complicated drawings -- and you are no longer an unfortunate audience that doesn't accept anything that hasn't seen before.
The architects can listen, and you don't leave the architecture.
That means that the Western person from one style to another, from one movement to another, is irrelevant.
In fact, we can go ahead and find proper solutions to the problems facing society.
This is the end of the history of architecture, and it means that tomorrow buildings will be very different than the buildings today.
This means that a public space in the ancient city of Sevin can be unique and adapted to the measure of a modern city.
This means that a stadium in Brooklyn can be that, a stadium in Brooklyn, and not a bad historical imitation of red brick based on ideas of what a stadium should be.
This means that some robots will be able to build our buildings, because eventually we're ready for ways that are going to produce.
That means that buildings are some of the whims of nature and not the opposite.
This means that a standard of parking in Miami Beach, Florida, can also serve to make sports or for a pickle, or even one can marry out there at night.
This means that three architects can dream with swimming in the East River in New York City, and remember half a million dollars of the community unit around that cause, no longer just a client alone.
It means that no building is too small for innovation -- like this little party of red stores, as muscle as the animals that are going to look at.
Because no longer matter whether it's a cow or a robot who builds our buildings.
It doesn't matter how we build what matters is what we build.
architects already know how to make more ecological buildings, smarter and more little angles.
We've been waiting for all of you to want it.
Finally, we're not on opposite side.
They find an architect, and they control it and work together to make better buildings, better cities, for a better world, because there's a lot in play.
The buildings not only reflect our society, but they shape to the smallest spaces, the local libraries -- the homes where we form our children, and the step of the bedroom.
Thank you very much.
This is my niece, Steve.
I just turned a year and I started walking.
And it does it in that great way, typical of the children of a year, by taking me, as if your body was moving too fast for your legs.
It's totally accurate.
And one of the things that you like to do for the moment is look at the mirror.
She really loves his reflection.
He laughed and chicken, and he gives himself those big and humble kisses itself.
It's beautiful.
And apparently all of your friends do this, and my mom tells me that I used to do it, and it made me think, "When stop doing this?
How is it that we are suddenly not like our appearance?
Because, apparently, we don't like it.
Every month, 10,000 people look at Google, "Am I failure?
This is Facebook, it's 13 years old and living in Development.
And as any teenager, it just wants to be dear and fit in.
It's Sunday at night.
It's preparing for the next week in school.
It has a little bit of fear, it's a little confused because, even though your mom tells him all the rat that is beautiful, every day in school, somebody tells you it's ugly.
Among what his mom tells him and what his friends, or school colleagues tell him, he doesn't know who to believe.
So it makes a video of her, put it on YouTube, and he asks others to leave a comment: "Am I a nice, or am I failure?
Well, so far, Facebook has received over 13,000 comment.
Some of these are so unpleasant that it doesn't even deserve the penis thinking about them.
We talk about a healthy teenager, normal and correct, who receives these answers in one of the most vulnerable stages of their most vulnerable life.
Thousands of people are publishing videos like this, most of these teenage girls trying to communicate this way.
But what are you taking them to do this?
Well, today's teenagers are almost never alone.
They're under pressure of being online and available all the time, talking to me, saying, "I like like, coming, sharing, publishing -- this is never finished.
We have never been so connected to each other, in a continuous way, so young.
As a mother said, "It's like there's a party in your fourth every night.
There's simply no privacy.
And the social pressures that go from your hand with that are implanted.
This environment, of being always connected, is adding to our children to fit on the number of "I like that they have and the kinds of comments they get.
There's no division between a life and real life.
It's really hard to know the differences between what is real or what is not.
And also, it's very hard to know the difference between what is authentic and what is a digital manipulate.
What is the most destroyed thing in somebody's life in front of what is normal in a daily context?
And where are they looking for inspiration?
Well, you can see the kind of images that are part of the news of the girls of now.
The zero role models continue to dominate our passions.
The technique of the army is now a routine now.
And trends like, spirituality, skin and subjective and spinal.
For those of you who are unknown, it means a profile proposition.
These trends are associated from women in the popular culture today.
It's not hard to see what young people are.
But the kids are not immune to this.
Like the supermarket stars of sports and the recovery singers of the sport.
But what is the problem with all this?
Well, surely we want our children to grow healthy and be very balanced.
But in a culture obsessed by the image, we're teaching our children to devote more time and mental effort to their appearance, the price of all the other aspects of their identity.
Things like their relationships, development of their physical capacity, their studies, and other aspects begin to suffer.
Six in 10 girls prefer not to do something because they think they don't see good enough.
These are not trivial activities.
They're fundamental activities for growth as human beings and how they contribute to society and the field of labor development.
31 percent, almost one in three teenagers are not interested in the classroom. They avoid to participate in the classroom arguments, because they don't want to call attention for their physical side.
One in five are not attending to classes at absolutely during the days when they don't feel comfortable about it.
And in the temperature season, if you don't think you see enough good enough, specifically if you don't think you're going to be thin enough, you will get a lower note to the average of your peers, who don't worry about the appearance.
And this phenomenon has been widespread in Finland, the United States and China.
And it's regardless of what these young people are.
So, in order to be clear, we're talking about how you see you, not how you really are.
The low self-esteem on his body is debilitating academic performance.
And it's also debating health.
Technologies with little self-esteem perform less physical activity, eat less fruit and vegetables, participants in more healthy diet than they can take them to a food disorder.
They have low self-esteem.
They're more easily influenced by the people around them, and they're at greater risk of depression.
And we think this is why they make more risky decisions, like alcohol consumption and drugs, dramatic surgery, aesthetic surgery, sexual relationships to early ages and no protection and self-controller.
The pursuit of the perfect body is providing the health system, and our government costs billions of dollars every year.
And we're not controlling it.
Women who believe they have overweight again, regardless of whether or don't have any greater rates of autism.
17 percent of women don't present to a job interview in a day where they don't feel safe with the way you see.
Think for a moment in what this is doing to our economy.
If we could overcome this, what would that opportunity.
Liberating this potential is interest for each of us.
But how do we do that?
Well, speaking itself, it doesn't take you very far.
Not enough.
If you really want to change things, you have to do something.
And we've learned that there are three key forms -- the first one is that we have to get trust in their own body.
We have to help our teens develop strategies to overcome the pressure of perfect images and build their self-esteem.
The good news is that there are many programs available to do it.
The bad news is that most of these don't work.
I was very surprised when I learned that many well-intentioned programs, without realizing the situation.
So we must make sure that the program that our children follow our children will not only have a positive impact but also a lasting impact.
And research studies show that the best programs focus on six key areas. The first is the influence of family, friends and relationships.
These six aspects are critical parties for any willing to provide education in body automobile that works.
An education is fundamental but facing this problem requires each of us to take the risks in the issue, and we're a better model to follow for women and girls in our own lives.
By challenging the current status of how women are seen and mentioned in our circles.
It's not good to count the emergence of our politicians in hairs or the size of their chest, or to imagine that determination or success of a Olympic athlete depends on the fact that it's not a great beauty.
We need to start judging people for what they are, not because they look like.
All of us can start doing it by taking responsibility for the kind of images and comments that we published in our social networks.
We can praise people based on their effort and their actions and not in their appearance.
And let me ask you: When was the last time you got a mirror.
In short, we need to work together as communities, as governments and as companies, to truly change our culture, so that our children grow up all their own person, valuing individuality, diversity, inclusion innovation.
We have to put people who are actually making the difference in a penguin.
To make a difference in the real world, let's make them be those who come out on the big screen because we just create a different world.
A world where our children are free to become the best version of themselves, where the way they believe that they are never aware of being who they are, or reaching what they want in their lives.
Think about what this can mean for someone in their lives.
Who have in mind?
To your wife.
His sister.
His son?
Did you know? Did you get your friend?
Could it just be the woman who is two seats. What would it mean if it was released from that authoritarian voice in its interior, that I am haunted by not having long legs -- more delighted legs -- a more flat side, floor floor?
What would she mean for her if we knew this and we would say right to their potential that way?
Right now, the obsession of our culture with images is getting us all by everyone.
But let's teach our children the truth.
So let's show you that the way you see you is just a part of your identity, and that the truth is that we love them for those who are and what they do, and how they make us feel.
We include self-esteem in our schools in our schools.
We change each of us, the way we talk and compare to other people.
And we work together as a community, from small groups to governments, so that the little transportations of a age of today, they become agents of the safe change of themselves tomorrow.
Let's do it.
The November five of November 1990, a gentleman named Alberton Now entered a hotel in Manhattan and killed the Rabbi Kansa, the leader of the Jewish Defense League leader.
And to Near they initially declared it, but being prisoners by other minor charges -- in company of others, they began to plan attacks at about 12 icons from New York, including tunnels and Singapore and the United Nations side.
Fortunately, those plans were frustrated by an FBI informant report.
Sadly, the bomb of 1993 in the World Trade Center, couldn't be avoided.
Later, Norway would be convicted by its participation in that bombing.
Alberton Now is my father.
I was born in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, in 1983, being he an Egyptian engineer, with an American mother, a primary school teacher, between the two did all possible for giving me a happy childhood.
Just when I was seven years old, our family started to change.
My father taught me a form of Islam that very few -- including most Muslims -- come to know.
For experience, I saw that when people take time to interact, it doesn't require much to get to wish the same things in life.
However, in all religion, in all human groups, there is always a little fraction of people who are so additive to their convictions that thinks you have to use all possible media so that everybody lived like them.
A few months before the arrest he sat with me and explained to me that in the last few weeks, he and some friends, they had been going to iron training in Long Island, to practice.
He told me that I would go with him the next day.
We got to the California of Carlos who, without knowing our group, was visited by the FBI.
When I got to pull, my father helped me hold the reflection in the shoulder, and explained to me how to aim the goal at about 30 meters.
That day, with the last bullet that I shot he gave the little orange light on the goal, and to surprise all of us, especially me, all the target is in flames.
My uncle turned to others and Arabic, said "I got abuse."
From such father, such a son.
The whole comment produced a lot of laughter, but just a few years later, I understood what they were so funny.
They saw in me, the same level of destruction that my father could cause.
Those people later would be convicted by putting a lot of 700 pounds of explosives in the northern parking parking there of the World Trade Center, causing an explosion that killed six people and fed another 1,000.
I admired those men.
I called them "Mommett," which means you.
When I turned 19, I had moved 20 times. That instability for my childhood didn't allow me to do a lot of friendships.
Every time I started feeling comfortable near someone was time to start and go to another city.
As it was always I was the new face of the class with frequency.
I had secret my identity to avoid being the white -- but it will be the new of the class, silence and regulator, was enough ammunition enough.
So most of the time I spent it at home reading books, watching TV or playing video games.
For these reasons I didn't develop social skills, to say it softly -- for growing down, I wasn't prepared for the real world.
They educate me to judge people, based on arbitrary indicators like their race or their religion.
So how could the eyes?
One of the first experiences that I put to test my way to think, was during the presidential elections of 2000.
In a problematic program where I participated in the youth National Convention, in Philadelphia.
My group focused on the subject of juvenile violence -- as I had been victim victim almost all of my life, it was something that felt a lot of passion.
The members of this group came from various backgrounds.
One day, to the end of the convention I discovered that one of the kids who had made friendship -- was Jewish was Jewish was.
I took several days to go out to the light this detail and realized that there was no animation between the two.
I never had had a Jewish friend and frankly felt very proud of having been able to see the barrier that every life had been made to believe that it was influence.
Another crucial moment emerged when I got a summer job in Bush Gardens, a amusement park.
I found people from all kinds of beliefs and cultures, that experience resulted in the development of my character.
The whole life had been taught that the humor was a sin and, by extension, all the homosexual were bad influence.
By the way, I had the opportunity to work with homosexual actors there, in a show, and I could see that several of them were the most free and less critical I'd ever seen in life.
Having been used as a child, developed a sense of empathy towards the other people's suffering. But it wasn't easy for me to deal with the nice people, exactly the way I would have wanted to be treated.
For that feeling I was able to contrast the stereotypes that had taught me as a child, with the experience of interaction in real life.
I don't know how that will be humorous, but I know what is being judged by something beyond my control.
Then I came the Dawnomethen Shoother."
Every night, Jon Stewart made me intellectually honest to my interstates, and helped me see that the race of people, religion or sexual orientation, have nothing to do with character.
In many ways, he became my patent figure at a time when I was desperately needed.
In occasion, inspiration can come from the unexpected. And that a Jewish comedian would have had a better influence in my life than my own father, extremely wasn't in cow.
One day I had a conversation with my mother about how I was changing my way to think, and she told me something that will be preserved in my heart forever, while he's alive.
She looked at me with the tired eyes of somebody who's suffered enough with endless dynamics and said, "I'm tired of hate."
At that time, I realized how much negative energy you need to keep all that hate inside your inside.
My real name is not Zaya Example.
I changed it when my family decided to break my relationship with my father and start a new life.
So why did I decide to go out and put myself in a risk possible?
Well, it's simple.
I've done it because I hope that someone, one day, who is trying to bring violence, can hear my story and understand that there is a better path -- that even though I was led to this violent and international ideology I didn't get a fantastic thing.
On the contrary, I decided to use my experience to fight terrorism and against prescriptions.
I do it by the victims of terrorism and for their loved ones, because of the terrible pain and loss that terrorism has produced them in their lives.
For the victims of terrorism talk, I talk about those acts without sense, like rejection to my father's actions.
With this simple I'm exposed here as proof that violence is not inherent to any religion or race, that children don't have to follow their parents.
I'm not my father.
Thank you.  Thank you.  Thank you.  Thank you.
Right now, there's a film that is projected in its minds.
It's an incredible multi-line movie.
He's at 3D and he's got a nice sound of what they hear and see right now. But that's just the beginning.
Your film has a savage, flavor and texture.
You feel your body, your pain, your hunger, your pleasure.
It has emotions, angry, happiness.
It has memories, as moments of your childhood that are projected in your eyes.
And it has constantly a higher voice in your conscious thinking.
The heart of the movie is you who experience everything in directly.
This film is your flow of consciousness, the subject of the experience of the mind and the world.
Consciousness is one of the fundamental truths of the existence of human being.
Each of us is conscious.
We all have an internal movie itself, you, you and you.
There's nothing we know more directly.
At least, I know I have a own consciousness.
I have no certainty that you are conscious.
Consciousness is also the reason to live.
If we don't get conscious, nothing in our lives would make sense or value.
But at the same time it's the most mysterious phenomenon in the universe.
Why are we conscious?
Why do we have these internal movies.
Why are we not only robots that we get to produce results without experiencing the inner movie in the finally?
Right now, nobody knows the answers to those questions.
I suggest that to integrate science to science, they need some radical ideas.
Some people say it's impossible a science of consciousness.
Science is objective by nature.
Consciousness is subjective.
So there can never be a science of consciousness.
Because for almost the entire 20th century, I predicted that vision.
psychology studying the behavior of the objective, neuroscience studied the brain objectively but never mentioned consciousness.
Even 30 years ago, when TED started, there were very few scientific jobs about consciousness.
Then, 20 years ago, everything started to change.
Neuroscientists like Francis Crick and physicists like Roger Pennsylvania said, "Now it's the moment for science to tackle consciousness.
And since then, there was a real explanation, a flow of scientific work about consciousness.
And this work was fantastic. It was great.
But it also has fundamental limitations until the moment.
The center of consciousness of consciousness in recent years was the search of correlations between some areas of the brain and some states of consciousness.
We saw some of this guy in the fantastic work that Nancy Kandlel presented a few minutes.
Now we understand much better, for example, the areas of the brain that are related to the conscious experience of seeing faces or feeling pain or happy feel.
But this is still a science of corruptions.
It's not a science of explanation.
We know that these areas of the brain are related to certain kinds of conscious experiences, but we don't know why.
I'd like to explain it by saying that this kind of work of neuroscience responds some questions that we want to explain consciousness -- the questions about what certain areas of the brain do and what they correlate with.
But in a sense, those are the easy problems.
No offense to neuroscientists.
Actually, there are no easy problems with consciousness.
Because it doesn't address the real central mystery of this matter, why is all physical processes in the brain have to be accompanied by consciousness.
Why is there a subjective internal movie for that?
Right now, we can't understand it.
And you can say, let's give a few years to neuroscience.
It's going to become another emerging phenomenon like elegances, like humanities, like life, and we're going to find explanation.
The typical surfaces are all emerging behaviors -- how to operate electronics, how the hurricane works, how they work, they adapt and metabolize living organisms -- all of them are questions about objective work.
That could be applied to the human brain to explain some behaviors and the functions of the human brain as an emerging phenomenon -- how we walk, how we talk about how we play chess -- all of these are questions about behavior.
But when it comes to consciousness, questions about behavior are between easy problems.
But the hard problem, is the question of why is it that all behavior is accompanied from a subjective experience?
And here it is, the standard paradigm of the surface, the standard paradigm of neuroscience, doesn't really have a lot to say.
I'm a heart scientific material.
I want a scientific theory of the authority that works. For a long time, I hit my head against the wall looking for a theory of consciousness in pure physical terms.
But at the end I came to the conclusion that it didn't work for systemic reasons.
I think we were standing at this point.
We have a chain of wonderful explanations, great. We are used to this -- physics explains chemistry, chemistry explains biology, biology explains part of psychology.
But consciousness doesn't seem to fit in this scheme.
On the one hand, it's a fact that we are aware of.
So we don't know how to accommodate that idea to our scientific view of the world.
I think consciousness, right now, is kind of an anomaly, something that we need to integrate to our view of the world, but we don't know yet how.
With an anomaly like this, you can need radical ideas, I think we need ideas that at the beginning to seem crazy, before we can deal with consciousness in a scientific way.
There are some possibilities for those crazy ideas.
My friend Dan Dennett, who's here today, has one.
His crazy idea is that there is no such hard problem of consciousness.
The whole idea of the internal subjective movie includes a kind of illusion or confusion.
In fact, what you have to do, is to explain the objective function, the behaviors of the brain, and so you study everything that needs explanation.
Well, more power for him.
That's the kind of radical idea that we need to explore if we want to have a theory of the purely reduced consciousness, based on the brain.
At the same time, for me and for many others, that vision is pretty close to simply deny that the observation of consciousness is satisfaction.
But I go in a different direction.
In the time I left, I want to explore two crazy ideas that I think can be promotes.
The first crazy idea is that consciousness is critical.
physicists sometimes take some aspects of the universe like fundamental laughters: space, time and mass.
They put fundamental laws that government, like gravity laws or quantum mechanics.
These laws and fundamental properties are not explained in terms of nothing else.
Instead, they were considered fundamental, and that's where the world is.
Sometimes the list of the fundamental is clear.
In the 19th century, Mahmoud discovered that you can't explain the electromagnetic phenomena in terms of fundamental concepts in the terms of fundamental concepts -- space, time, mass, Newton's laws -- so I applied the basic laws of the electromagnetic -- and I put electrical charge as a fundamental concept that those laws government.
I think that's the situation that we find with consciousness.
If you can't explain consciousness in terms of fundamental ideas of pressure, space, time, mass charge, then by a matter of logic, you have to take up the list.
The most natural thing would be to put consciousness itself as a fundamental thing, a fundamental brick of nature.
This doesn't mean that suddenly it's not objects of science.
It opens the path to drive it scientifically.
So what we need is to study fundamental laws that govern consciousness, the laws that connect consciousness with other fundamental concepts -- the space, the time, the mass, physical processes.
physicists sometimes say that we want fundamental laws so simple that we could estimate them in a remote.
The situation of consciousness is something like this.
We want to find fundamental laws so simple that we could estimate them on a t-shirt.
We still don't know what laws are, but that's what we look for.
The second crazy idea is that consciousness can be universal.
Every system can have a degree of consciousness.
This vision is sometimes called "similarity: "Paul for all of us, psychiatrist for mind, every system is conscious, not only humans, the dogs, the motors, the motors, even the microbes of Rob Kingup, the elementary particles.
Even a picture has some degree of consciousness.
The idea is not that pictures are smart or they think.
It's not that a mouse can be filled with an argument when you think, "Oh, always traveling at the speed of light.
I can never slow and smell the roofs."
No, no.
But the thought is that perhaps the photons can have some of the elements of raw feeling, subjective -- some primitive precursor of consciousness.
This can sound a little crazy for you.
How would anyone think something so crazy?
In part this comes from the first crazy idea, that consciousness is a fundamental thing.
If it's fundamental, like space, time and mass, it's natural to assume that it can also be universal.
It's also worth noticing that even though the idea seems illegal -- it's much less for people of different cultures, where the human mind seems more a continuum with nature.
A deeper reason comes from the idea that perhaps the simplest and powerful form of finding fundamental laws that relate to the thinking with physical process, is and increasing awareness with information.
Whenever there is information processing, there's consciousness.
complex information processing like a human being, complex consciousness.
The simple information processing, simple consciousness.
A very exciting thing is that in recent years a neuroscientist, Gillian Tony, took this kind of theory and developed it with mathematical methods.
It has a mathematical measure of information integration, which is called philosophy, which measures the degree of information in a system.
And I suppose it has to do with consciousness.
So in a human brain, there's an incredible degree of information integration, a high degree of peace, a lot of consciousness.
In a mouse there is an average degree of information integration, just quite significant, degrees of pretty important consciousness.
But when you get to the worms, microbes -- the microbes, the particles, the picture of picture.
The level of information integration is lower, but it's not zero either.
In Tony theory, there will be a level of different awareness of zero.
It actually provides a fundamental law of consciousness, high degree of cousin, high degree of consciousness.
Moreover, another reason is that the silence can help us integrate consciousness to the physical world.
physicists and philosophers often have observed that physics is curiously abstract.
It describes the structure of reality using a lot of equations, but it doesn't talk to us about the reality that underlies underneath.
As Stephen Hawking, "Where does the fire of the equations come from?
From the passionate vision, the equations of physics can be left as they are, but they can use to describe the flow of consciousness.
That's what physicists do basically, describe the flow of consciousness.
According to this vision, the consciousness that I put fire in the equations.
In that view, consciousness is not out of the physical world as a kind of adaptation.
It's right there in the center.
This vision, I think, the psychological vision, has the potential to transfer our relationship with nature, and can have social consequences and pretty serious ethical consequences.
Some can be illegal.
I used to think that I shouldn't eat anything that had consciousness, then I should be vegetable.
If you're a phone and accept that vision, you'll have a lot of hungry.
I think I think about it well, this tends to transform your vision, while what matters in ethical terms, and moral consequences, is not so much the fact of consciousness, but its importance and complexity.
It's also natural to ask about consciousness in other systems, like computers.
What about the Saturn artificial intelligence system, in the movie "Here?
Is it conscious?
According to the pressure of the phone information, she has a complicated information processing -- so the answer is yes, if it's conscious.
If this is right, you get a lot of ethical ethical problems on the ethic of the clever computer development systems and the ethics of supporting them.
And finally, you can ask for the consciousness of complex collective collections, the planet.
Canada has its own consciousness.
Or at a more local level, an integrated group, like the audience in a TED Talk, right now, we have a TED collective consciousness, an internal movie for this whole TED group, different from the inner movies of each of the parts?
I don't know the answer to that question, but I think at least it's a question that should be taken seriously.
So this philosophical vision, it's a radical vision, and I don't know if it's right.
I'm actually safer from the first crazy idea, that consciousness is a fundamental thing, that from the second, that it's universal.
The vision is asking a lot of questions, a lot of challenges, like how those thoughts of thinking contribute to the kind of complex consciousness we know and love us.
If we can answer those questions, then I think we're going on the right path towards a theory of serious consciousness.
If not, well, this is probably the hardest problem of science and philosophy.
We can't wait to solve it overnight.
But I think we will finally be discovering it.
Understanding consciousness is the real key, I think, to understand the universe and to understand ourselves.
Maybe we only need the right crazy idea.
Thank you.
I grew up in a little rural village in Victoria.
He had a very normal profile, a low drug of education.
I went to school, I met my friends, I was fighting my younger sisters.
Everything was very normal.
And when I was 15 years old, a member of my community came to my parents because I wanted to join myself for a community prize.
And my parents said, "Well, that's very nice, but there is an obvious problem.
She actually hasn't gotten anything."  And they were right.
I went to school, I had good grades. After school, I had a low profile on my mother's floor, and I spent a lot of time looking at the "Barbera Seatterly and "Dawn Create."
Yes, I know. What a contradiction.
But they were right.
I didn't do anything that was extraordinary at all.
Nothing that can be considered as a achievement if we take the disability outside of the equation.
Years later, being in the second part of the teaching in a high school school, just after 20 minutes in the 11 class of legal studies a guy raised his hand and said, "Hey, when you give your discussion?
And I said, "What did I do?"
Well, I had been talking about the drug law for a good 20 minutes.
And he said, "You know, your motivation speech.
When people in wheelchair, talk about inspiring things in school?
Usually in the act of activists."
And it was then when I realized, this kid had had experiences with people with disability as an inspiration.
And we are not. And it's not the blame of the man, that's true for many of us.
For us, people with disability are not our teachers or our doctors or our manufacturers.
We're not real people. We're there to inspire you.
And in fact, I'm on this stage looking at what I do in this wheelchair wheelchair and probably you're waiting to inspire you. Right?  Yes.
Well, ladies and gentlemen, I'm afraid to tell you strangers.
I'm not here to inspire you.
I'm here to tell you that we have lied in relation to disability.
Yes, you have sold the lie that disability is something bad. A magic thing, I make a massive.
It's something wrong and living with a disability makes you exceptional.
It's not bad and I can't do an exceptional.
And in the last few years, we've been able to spread even more this lie through social media.
You may have seen images like this: "The only disability in life is a bad activist."
Or this one: "Your excuse is invasive."
Or this one: "Before you go down, internationally."
These are just a couple of examples, but there's a lot of them.
You may have seen one, from the girl without hands drawing with a pencil held by the mouth.
You may have seen a kid who runs with legs of carbon fiber.
And there's a lot of these images, which are what we call porn inspiration.
And I use the term developing term, because they encode a group of people for the benefit of another group of people.
So in this case, we were able to make the disability in the benefit of people without disabilities.
The purpose of these images is to inspire them, motivate them, so that we can see them and think, "Well, because of very bad my life, it could be worse.
I could be that person.
But if you are that person?
I've lost the story of the number of times that have been strangers by looking at me to express that I am courageous or a source of inspiration, and this happens before my work had a public profile.
It was like I'm happy to get up in the morning and remember my own name.  And this is considerably.
These images, those images encode people with disability in the benefit of people without disabilities.
They're there so you can see them and think that things are not so bad for you, or to put their concerns in perspective.
And life as a disabled person is actually something hard.
We knew some things.
But the things we overcome are not the things that you can think.
They're not relative things to our bodies.
I use the term "space people, deliberately because I subscribe the social model of disability -- which tells us that we are more disabled because of the society that we live from our bodies or diagnosis.
So I've lived in this body for a long time.
I'm very angry with him.
So the things I need to do, and I've learned how to pull the best of its capacity as well as you do, and that's what happens with those pictures of those pictures too.
They're not doing anything outside the common.
They're just using their bodies getting the best of their ability.
So is it really fair to encode them in the way we do it, by sharing those pictures?
When people say, "You're a source of inspiration say it as a computer.
And I know why it happens.
It's because of the lie, because we've sold this lie that disability makes us exceptional.
And, honestly not.
And I know what you're thinking.
I'm here looking at inspiration -- and you think, "My God, are you not sometimes inspired by something?
And actually, I know I am.
I learned from other people with disability at all time.
However, I don't learn that I'm more lucky than them.
I learned that this is a great idea to use a few pieces of barrier to collect the things that come to me.  I learned the ingenious trick of how to charge the battery of the mobile phone in the battery of the chair.
Great.
We learn from the force and resilience of others, not against our bodies and our diagnosis, but against a world that is exceptional and coordinates.
I really think that that lie that have sold us about disability is the greatest injustice.
It makes us hard life.
And that quote, "The only disability in life is a bad activist: the reason that that's lie is because it's not true, because of the social model of disability.
A lot of smiles in front of a staircase show hasn't done that it becomes a break.
Never --   smiling to a television screen will not be able to get the subtitles for deaf people.
Nor a lot of people in the middle of a bookstore and dragging a positive attitude to turn all those books into the brief.
It's just not going to happen.
I want to really live in a world where disability is not exception, but the norm.
I want to live where a 15 year-old girl, sitting in his bedroom watching "Buffacle that Vancouse Slimp doesn't consider anything for being in a chair.
I want to live in a world where we don't have so low expectations of people with disability that we're happy to get up from bed and remember our names in the morning.
I want to live in a world where we value the overall achievement of people with disability and I want to live in a world where a child in the 11 degree in a high school of Mellores is not a little surprise that his new teacher is a wheelchair users.
disability doesn't make us exceptions, but questioning what you think you know about it, I know it does.
Thank you.
What are the augmented reality and professional reality, with empathy.
And what is the average speed of a winner stealands."
Unfortunately, I will only answer one of those questions, so please don't get distributed.
When people think of augmented reality, I think of Minden Report and Tom Crux in the air, but the augmented reality is not science fiction.
The augmented reality is something that will happen in our days and happen because we have the tools for it, and people need to know, because the augmented reality will change our lives as much as the Internet and the mobile phones.
So how do we get to the remotely remains?
The first step is what it takes place: the Google Glass.
I'm sure many are familiar with them.
What you may not know is that the Google Glass, they are a device that allows them to see what I see.
Let me experience what is being a professional sport in the field.
Right now, the only way to be in the field is that I try to describe them.
I have to use words.
I have to create a framework that you will fill with your imagination.
We can use Google Glass, underneath a helmet and know what is running through the game field at 160 miles miles -- the blood hitting the ears.
We can know that a man from 110 pounds us, trying to leave us with all his being.
I've been there and I assure you that it's not nice.
I bring some videos to show you what the Google Glass, under the helmet and give them an idea of that.
Unfortunately, they're not images of NGO practice, because the idea of the NGO of emerging technology is a submarine coming up to the surface. But --  what we can.
So let's look at a video.
Chris Klaptom: We go.
It's horrible to be taken.
Let's zoom in a little bit.
Predators?
Go!
Chris Klainet: As you can see, it's a proof of what is being taken in the football field, from the perspective of the tactocia.
You have realized that you lack people, the rest of the team.
We have a video of the University of Washington University.
Camera of field, Rats 54." mice.
Blue 8, Blue 8: Go!
Chris Klaptop," this makes them a little bit more to the feeling being in the field, but it has nothing to do with being at NPL.
The fans want that experience.
The fans want to be in the field, being their favorite players, and they have asked me on YouTube and Twitter and Twitter, "You can see from the angle of a field of field.
Or from a run?
We want to experience that."
Once we have that experience with Golden and Google Glass, how do we go from filled? How do we take it to the next level?
We took it to that level using something called Williams Richard, which surely many already know.
The Richard Richard has been described as the most realistic virtual reality apparatus ever created, and it's not a cheap word.
And I'm going to show you why, with this video.
Man: Oh, oh.
No, no, no, no, I don't want to keep playing. No!
Oh, my God." Ah!
CK: That's the experience of a man in a Russian mountain taking for his life.
What will be the experience of a fan when we recorded a video of Adrian Peace crossing the line, describing from a tackle with the arm before running and making an analogy? What will be the experience of a fan.
When I can be Mississ running through the sand, throwing the bullet into the bottom of the network? Or Federal doing a standard in Window?
What will their experience be when he descended from a mountain to over 100 miles as a opinion corner?
Maybe you increase the sales of parallel for adults.
But this isn't even augmented reality.
It's just virtual reality, R.C.
How do we achieve augmented reality, RS: RS: Roa?
We will reach the augmented reality when the coaches and the mobile and the owners look at the information of what people want to see and think, "How do we use this to improve our teams?
How do we use it to win parties?
Because they always use technology to win.
They like to win. They give them money.
So, here's a brief report about technology at NASA.
In 1965, the Baltimore Ports got a little bit of a fire to his field of field to play faster.
They won the Super Bowl that year.
Other teams decided to imitate them.
More people saw the party because it was more exciting, faster.
In 1994, the NFL put radio in the camps of the fields of field and then in the defense.
They had more specialists because it was faster, more entertaining.
In 2023, imagine you're a player coming back to your group and you see their next show showed up in front of you, in a plastic glass that you carry on. You won't have to worry about to forget a game.
or to memorize the strategy.
They only go out to the field and react.
And the coaches want it because if they don't follow their instructions, they lose parties, and they hate losing participants.
If you lose parties you take you as a coach.
And they don't want that.
But augmented reality is not just a manufacturing of strategic strategies.
The augmented reality is also a way to collect information and use it in real time to improve your game to play.
How would it do?
Well, a very simple option would be to have a camera in every corner of the stadium, having a view from the high people that are down.
You also get information from the sensors of the helmet and the airplanes, something that's already working on.
And all of that information is sent to your players.
The good teams will be able to send it.
Bad people will have information company.
This will differentiate the good teams of the bad.
So your computer team will be as important as your recommendations, and data analysis will stop being just for nerds.
It will be also for sports. Who would have imagined it?
What would it be in the camp?
Imagine that they're the field market.
You get the balance and the beats.
You look for an open receptor -- suddenly a flag in the left part of your bombsight is going to warn you that a defense behind you is going to attack -- normally, you wouldn't see it, but the U.K. system is going to be advanced.
Move into the protection area.
Another flag gives you that there's a open receptor.
You toss the ball, but you will give you a lot of fun.
And the balance loses the trajectory.
You don't know where to land. However, the receptor sees in your view an area of grass that is lit and can modify the race.
It turns out, it catches the bullet and runs and announcement.
The public is encouraged and the fans have followed the player from each angle.
This is something that will create massive emotion on the game.
I'll make lots of people see it, because people want to live that experience.
The fans want to be in the field.
They want to be their favorite player.
Real reality will be part of the sport, because it's too profitable to not be.
But what I ask you is: do we want this to be the only use of augmented reality?
Are we going to use it only as bread and close, like our usual entertainment.
Because I think we can use it for something else.
I think we can use augmented reality to foster empathy between human beings, to show someone how it is, literally, will be in the other person's place.
We know what this technology is worth for sports lights.
It generates billions of income per year.
But how much is this technology for a professor in the classroom trying to show a abuse how damage is their actions from the perspective of the victims?
How much is this technology for a gay in Uganda or Russia trying to show the world how it lives being perfectly?
How much is it worth for a Canadian Had or a Neil December trying to inspire a generation of children to think more in space and science instead of strangers and Karashs?
Ladies and gentlemen, the augmented reality.
The questions we do, the decisions we take and the challenges that we face, depend on, as always, from us.
Thank you.
I recently retired after 23 years of service.
Most of those 23 years happened to me on the south of Maria County, which includes the Goldman Gates.
The bridge is an iconic structure, which is known by its beautiful San Francisco, the Pacific Ocean and its inspiring architectural style.
Unfortunately, it's also a magnet for suicide, being one of the most used places in the world.
The Golden Gates Bridge was open in 1937.
Joseph Streets, engineering boss of building the bridge, said that, "The bridge is practically the evidence of suicide.
The suicide from the bridge is not practical or probably."
But from his openness, over 1,600 people have jumped up to their death from that bridge.
Some of you believe that traveling between the two towers will take them to another dimension, this bridge has been identified as such as such as the fall from all of your concerns and pain, and the waters that happen underneath your soul.
But let me tell you that it happens when the bridge is used to commit suicide.
After a four to five seconds, the body collects against the water about 120 miles an hour.
The impact breaks bone, some of which they drill vital organs.
Most of them die in the impact.
Those of you who don't usually stand up in the helpless water, and then you get drowned in.
I don't think that the people who are contemplating this method of suicide is aware of the death that they will face.
This is the cable.
Except around two towers, there are 32 parallel steel inches to the bridge.
This is where most people are in before they take their life.
I can tell you for experience that once the person is in that edge, and in their darkest moment, it's very difficult to bring them back back.
I took this picture last year while this young man talked to an officer contemplating his life.
I want to tell you with joy that we had success that day to bring it back on the barrier.
When I started working on the bridge, we didn't have any formal training.
We were searching to channel the path through these calls.
This was not just a bad service to those who are contemplating suicide, but the officials too.
We've gone a long way since then.
Today, veteran officials and psychologists train new offices.
This is Jason Gardness.
I met him by the 22 of July last year when he received a call from a possible suicide site sitting in the heart near the center.
I said, and when I came in, I looked at Jason talking to an official from the Goldman Gates.
Jason was only 32 years old, and I had flown up to here from New Jersey.
In fact, I had flown up to here two times before New Jersey to try to get suicide from this bridge.
After about a hour talking to Jason -- I was asked if we knew the story of Pandora's box.
By remembering the Greek mythology. Zees created Pandora, and he sent her to Earth with a box, and he said, "No, never open that box."
Well, one day, curiosity could more than Pandora, and she opened the box.
They came out of it, penis, and all kinds of bad against man.
The only good thing in the box was hope.
So Jason asked us, "What if you open the box and no hope?
He stopped a few instruments, he leaned on the right, and he left.
This very clever and smart girl in New Jersey had just taken my life.
I talked to Jason parents that night, and I guess when I was talking to them, it didn't seem to be ringing very well, because the next day, the family rabbi called me to see how it was.
The parents of Jason had asked it.
The collateral gods of the suicide affect a lot of people.
I ask you these questions: What if a member of your family -- a friend or somebody loved out of a surface?
What would you say?
You know what to say?
In my experience, you don't just have to talk, but you have to listen.
Listening to to understand.
Don't argue, turns, or you tell the person you know how you feel, because you probably don't know.
Just being there, you can be the tipping point you need.
If you think someone is suicide, you're not afraid of cooling them and asking the question.
One way to ask you the question is, "Are you in similar circumstances who have thought about finishing your life.
To confront the person in front of it can save life and be the inflection point for them.
Other signs to search for despair, to believe that things are terrible and they're never going to get better, impossibility, believe that there is nothing that you can do about it, social isolation -- and a lost of interest in life.
I came up with this talk about a couple of days ago, and I got an email of a lady and I'd like to read you his letter.
She lost his son on January 19 in January this year, and he wrote me this email just a couple of days ago, and he is his permission and blessing that I read it.
"Hi, Kevin -- I imagine you're at the TED conference.
It must be a whole experience to be there.
I'm thinking that I should go to the bridge this weekend.
I just wanted to leave a note.
I hope you can tell many people and go home talking about it to their friends who tell their friends, etc.
I'm still quite insectional, but by noticing more moments to realize that Mike will not come home.
Mike was driving from Peter to San Francisco to see the 49 party of his father on January 19.
He never got there.
I called the Peter police and I reported it as disappeared that night.
In the next morning, two officials came to my house and reported me that Mike car was down on the bridge.
A witness had seen it from the bridge to the 1850s of the day before.
Thank you very much for fighting for those who can be temporarily too weak to fight for themselves.
Who hasn't been before bad without suffering a true mental illness.
It shouldn't be so easy to end it.
My prayers are with you for your struggle.
The GGO Bridge Bridge is supposed to be a passage through our beautiful bay, not a cemetery center.
Good luck this week, Victory."
I can't imagine the value that she needed to go to the bridge and remember the path that his son took that day, and also the value to go ahead.
I'd like to introduce you to a man who I mean with hope and value.
On March 11, 2005, I responded to a radio call by a possible suicide subject in the bridge of the north around.
I drove my engine through the sidewalk, and I looked at this man, Kevin Bertier, from foot in the sidewalk.
When he saw me, he crossed the barrier, and he stopped in that little tube that goes around the tower.
Over the time and a half, I heard how Kevin talked about its depression and despair.
Kevin decided by his account that day will come back on that lane and give life another opportunity.
When Kevin came back, he happy.
"This is a new beginning, a new life."
But I asked him, "What was what made you go back and give the hope and life another opportunity?"
And you know what it told me?
He said, "You hear me."
You let me talk and just listen to you."
Shortly after that incident, I got a letter from the mother of Kevin, and I have that letter with me, and I would like to read you.
"Dear Mr. British Sea, nothing will erase the events of March 11, and you are one of the reasons why Kevin goes on with us.
So honestly, I think that Kevin was calling for help.
It's been diagnosed with a mental disease for which it's been properly medicine.
I adopted Kevin when I was only six months old, completely unconscious from all those inherited traits, but thank God, we now know.
Kevin is in order, as he says.
We give God for you.
Simply in debt with you, Narrator Berkeley."
And at the end she wrote, "Piece -- when I visited the San Francisco General hospital that night, you would figure out how the patient.
"I know I had to solve it."
Today, Kevin is a loving father and active member of society.
He speaks openly about the events of that day and his depression with the hope that his story will inspire others.
The suicide is not just something that I've found myself at work.
It's personal.
My grandfather was suicide with poison.
That act, despite finishing its own pain, I stole the opportunity to know it.
This is what suicide.
For most of the suicide people, or those who consider the suicide, they wouldn't think about taking another person.
They just want their own pain to end.
Usually this is just about three ways -- sleep, drugs or alcohol or death.
In my career, I've responded and I've been involved in hundreds of mental illnesses and calls of suicide around the bridge.
Of those incidents that I've been directly involved in, I've only lost two, but those two are too much.
One was Jason was.
The other one was a man who talked about an hour.
During that time, I got my hand in three times.
In the final order, I looked at me, and he said, "King," sorry, but I have to go."
And he jumped out.
Horrible, absolutely awful.
I want to tell you, though, that the vast majority of people that we get to contact in that bridge are not suicide.
In addition, those few people who have jumped out of the bridge and lived and that you can talk about it, that one or two, most of those people have said that the second person they realized that they had made a mistake and they wanted to live.
I tell people, the bridge doesn't only connect Mars with San Francisco, but also people.
That connection, or bridge that we do, is something that every single one of us should be striving for doing.
The suicide can be prevented.
There's help. There's hope.
Thank you very much.
The world makes you know what you're not, but in your inside you know what you're like, and a question: How do you become that?
I have to be a unique thing in that sense, but I'm not alone.
When I became a model I felt that I had finally achieved the dream that I had ever ever since ever ever since.
My outside finally agreed with my inner truth, with my inner me.
For complicated reasons, which I'm going to refer later, when I look at this picture, I think, Google is, you get it, you get it.
But the last October, I discovered that, you know, I'm starting with.
We all link our families, our religion, our society, our moment in history, even our bodies.
Some of them have the courage to release to get rid of the limitations imposed by skin color or by the beliefs of those who surround us.
They are people who always defy the status quo which was considered accepted.
In my case, the last nine years -- many of my neighbors -- many of my friends, my agent -- my agent agent, ignored my story.
I think this email is called revival.
This is the mine.
I was recorded as a kid, because of the appearance of my genital genes.
I remember my five years in Los Filands, in my house, I always took this shirt on my head.
And my mom asked me, "Why are you always wearing that camera in your head?
I said, "Mom, it's my hair. I'm a girl.
I knew how to self-replication.
Gender has always considered a immediate fact, but now we know that it's something more complex and mysterious now.
Because of my success, I never dare to share my story, not because I would think that will be what I'm being wrong, but how the world deals with those of us who want to liberate them.
Every day I appreciate to be woman.
I have mom, Dad and a family who accepted me as I am.
Many are not so lucky.
There's a long tradition in the Asian culture that celebrates the mystery of gender.
There's a Buddhist goddess of compassion.
There is a Hindu goddess of the hundreds.
And when I was eight years old, I was in a party in the Philippines that were celebrating these puzzles.
I was in front of the stage, and I remember this beautiful woman appeared to me, and I remember that moment as if something would beat me, this is the kind of woman I wanted to be.
And when I was 15 years old, when I still saw a man, I met this woman called T.B.
It's the director of a beautiful beautiful beauty.
That night she asked me, "Why haven't you been involved in the beauty contemport?
He told me that if she participated she would be forged from the storytelling spending and the vertebrate, and that night, he won in bathroom suit, won in a gas suit and he had a third financial third between over 40 candidates.
That moment changed my life.
Suddenly, I was within the world of beauty.
Not a lot of people can say that their first job was from beauty of beautiful women, but I know I can.
I also met the device of department, especially when we traveled to remote provinces from the Filands.
But more importantly, I met my best friends of that community.
In 2001, my mom who had moved to San Francisco, he called me and told me that they approved my request of the green card that I could go to live to the United States.
I was resist.
I said to my mother, "Mommy, I'm distributing.
I'm here with friends, I like to travel and be a beautiful queen.
But then, two weeks later, he called me and said, "You know if you moved to the United States, you can change the name and the identity of gender?
It was all I needed to hear.
My mom suggested I would put two and my name.
She also strikes me when I was operating in Thailand at the age of 19.
It's curious that in some of the most rural cities in Thailand perform the most prestigious surgeries and sophisticated and secure.
At that time in the United States, it was necessary to make surgery before we change the name and the gender.
So in 2001, I went to San Francisco, and I remember looking at the driver's license with the Gene name and the Feynman Genome Fold."
It was a great moment.
For some people, their identity document means to be able to drive or be able to get a drink, but for me it was the license to live, to feel dignity.
Suddenly, my fears saw minimized.
I felt that I could conquer my dream and move to New York, and being model.
Many are not so lucky.
I think of this woman Allian Networks.
A young woman from New York who was often lived in his truth, but that, received, put it end to his life.
For many of my community, that's the reality that they live.
Our suicide rates are eight times higher than the rest of the population.
Every single 20 of November, we do a global surveillance for the Congressionary Day.
I'm on this stage thanks to a long history of people who fought and stood up to injustice.
These are Mars P. Johnson and Sylvia River.
Today, at this same moment, I'm coming out of the closet.
I can't keep living my truth alone and just for me.
I want to do the best to help others live their truth without shame.
I'm here, exploring me, so that some day no longer there is no more video surveillance.
My deeper truth led me to accept what I am.
Will you do that?
Thank you very much.
Thank you, thank you, thank you.  KT: Gene, a quick question.
George Rock, of course. You see, you see, thank you all my benefits.
And to my support network, my parents especially, to my family, who itself is very strong.
I remember all the times I've been attending young young women who have been originally, and sometimes when they called me and told me that his parents couldn't accept. I took the phone, I called my mom and said, "Mommy, you can call this woman?
Sometimes it worked, other not. It's just gender identity, that's what is at the center of what we are, right?
I mean, we all get a gender to birth, and what I try to do is put on the table the issue that sometimes that assistant disability, and that there should be a space that allows people to authority, and this is a conversation that we should have with parents, with colleagues.
The transmitted movement is starting compared to gay motion.
There's still a lot of work for doing.
I should have understanding.
There should be space for curiosity and to ask questions, and I hope you all be my allies.
KS: Thank you. Very nice. GR: Thank you.
In many patriarchal and tribal societies, parents are generally known for their children, but I'm one of the few parents who you know for your daughter and I'm proud of it.
Malawi started his campaign for education defending his rights in 2007, and when their efforts were having their efforts in 2011, when they were doing the National Prize National Prize of peace, it became very famous -- a very popular girl in his country.
Before that, I was my daughter, but now I'm his father.
Ladies and gentlemen, if we take a look at the history of humanity, the story of women is the history of injustice -- of inequality.
You see, in the patriarchal societies, right from the beginning, when a girl, their birth is not celebrating it.
It's not welcome -- not for his father, not by her mother.
The neighborhood comes to the mother, and it gives the mother and no one happy to the father.
And a mother is very overwhelmed for having a girl.
When he gives birth to the first girl, the first daughter, he gets sad.
When he gives birth to the second daughter, he contained, and, with the hope of a son, when he lit his third daughter, he feels guilty as a criminal.
Not only the mother suffer -- but the daughter. The daughter newborn -- when he grows up, he was suffering too.
At the age of five years, when I should go to school, it stays home and the school admit to his sisters.
Until age 12 years old, it somehow has a good life.
It can be fun.
He can play with his friends on the street, and he can move around the streets like a butterfly.
But when it comes into the teenager, when he turned 13 years, he was presented to come out of his house without a male card.
It's confined to four walls of your house.
It's no longer a free person.
It becomes the call honor of his father and her brothers and his family, and if he was to deliver the code of that horrible honest, he could even kill it.
And it's interesting that this so-called honor code, not only affect the life of a guy, also affects the life of the male members of the family.
So this brother, sacrifice the joy of his life and happiness of his sisters in name of honor.
And there's a norm more than the patriarchal societies that's called obesity.
A good girl must be very quiet, very humble and very super.
It's the criterion of it.
The model of a good girl must be quiet.
It's supposed to be quiet and that accepts the decisions of their father and mother and decisions of the elderly even if you don't want.
If you marry it with a man who doesn't like or if you marry it with an old man, you have to accept it, because it doesn't want to be a delightful table.
If you hunt very young, you have to accept it.
Otherwise, they call it description.
And what happens at the end?
In words of a poetry, "The home, they love it, and then gives birth to more children and daughters."
And the irony of the situation is that this mother, including the same lesson of obey to his daughter and the same lesson of honor to his children.
And this vicious cycle is continuing and continuing to continue.
Here was brothers and sisters, when Malawi was born, and for the first time, I didn't like the national recipes, to be honest, but when I was there and looked at his eyes, I felt incredibly honored.
And so much before I was born, I thought about his name, and I was fascinated with a legendary leadership of freedom in Afghanistan.
His name was Malandi from Mahmain, and he called my daughter like that.
But when I left, they were all men, and I grabbed my pen, and I brought a line from my name, and I wrote, "Malayo.
And when she grew up, when she was four and a half years old, he admitted her in my school.
You might ask, why should I mention the administration of a girl in a school?
Yes, I should mention it.
You can give it for granted in Canada, in the United States, in many countries, but in poor countries, in the patriarchal societies, in tribal societies, is a great event for life life.
Instead of a school means the recognition of your identity and your name.
An admissions to school means it's entered the world of dreams and the aspirations where they can explore their potential for their future life.
I have five sisters, and none of them could go to school, and they would be surprised, two weeks earlier, when I was a completely completely completely turned out of the care form, and I was in the relative part of the family, I couldn't remember the stores of some of my sisters.
And the reason I had never seen the names of my written sisters in any document.
That was the reason I value my daughter.
What my father couldn't give my siblings or his daughters, thought I had to change it.
I used to appreciate the intelligence and the safety of my daughter.
I encouraged it to sit with me when my friends come to me.
He encouraged it to go with me to different meetings.
And all of these values, I've tried to instill them in their personality.
And this wasn't just for her, just for Maland.
I've made all these good values in my school to girls and boys alike.
I use education for emotional.
I taught my daughters, taught students, to forget the lesson of obesity.
I taught students to forget the lesson of the shot called the Sharmer.
Here are brothers and sisters, we were fighting for more rights for women, and we were struggling to have more and more space for women in society.
But we find a new phenomenon.
It was lethal for human rights, and in particular, for women's rights.
It was called talented.
That means a complete denial of women's participation in all political activities, economic and social.
Hundreds of schools were lost.
The girls were banned to go to school.
Women were forced to use candles and stopped going to markets.
The musicians were silent, the little girls and the killed singers and the killed singers of the managers.
They were suffering millions, but they were a few talking, and it was terrifying to have around those people who kill and they were bouncing when you talk for their rights.
It's really frightening.
At the age of 10 years, Malawi was lifted up and left by the right to education.
He wrote a day for the BBC blog, she offered herself for the New York Times documentaries and he talked about every platform he could.
And his voice was the most powerful voice.
It was spread as a call around the world.
And that was the reason that the Taliban couldn't tolerate his campaign and the ninth October of October 2012, they shot him into his head.
It was a familiar day for my family and me.
The world became a big black hole.
Whereas my daughter was debating between life and death, I whispered my wife to my wife, "Should I blame for what happened to my daughter, to your daughter.
And I was very interestingly like, "Please don't blame you.
It defensed the right cause.
It puts your life in play for the cause of truth, because of the cause of peace, and by the cause of education, and your daughter inspired on you and you join you.
They were both on the right path and God promised it."
These words meant a lot to me, and I didn't ask to ask again.
When Malay was in the hospital and had severe headaches and strong headaches because his facial nerve was cut up, I used to see a dark shadow that spread through the face of my wife.
But my daughter never complained it.
So I used to say, "I'm well with my surrounding sound and the excitement in my face.
I'll get good. Please don't worry.
It was a consumption for us, and it consumes us.
And dear brothers and sisters, we've learned from it how to resist at the most difficult moments, and I'm pleased to share with you that despite being an icon for children and women, it's like any 16-year-old girl.
He cried when he didn't finish his task.
You fight with your siblings, and I'm very happy for that.
People ask me, "What about special in my tutor that has made so bold to Malaysia so brave and expression and economist?
I tell you, don't ask me what I did.
Ask me what I didn't do.
He didn't cut his wings, and that's it.
Thank you very much.
Thank you. Thank you very much. Thank you.
I was operating from the brain 18 years ago, and since that day, the science of the brain has become a personal passion.
I am engineering.
And I want to tell you that I've recently joined the Monterey group from Google, where I've had a divide to my office, the Google X visualization -- but all the work that I'm talking about today about the science of the brain, I did it before I joined Google or outside my work there.
Having said this, there's a stigma when you join a brain operation.
Are you still equally smart or not?
Is it not going to be so smart to be intelligent?
After the neuroscientist, I was missing a part of the brain, and I had to live with it.
It wasn't the gray matter, but it was the sticky part of the center that creates important hormones and neuroscientists.
Immediately after the operation, I had to decide what amount to take, from more than a dozen chemicals every day, because if I didn't take anything, die in a few hours.
Every day, for the last 18 years, I've had to decide about the combinations and mix of chemicals, and try to get them, to keep life.
More than once I've saved a little bit.
But luckily, I have an experimental soul, so I decided to experience to try to get the optimal doses because there is really no clear map that says it in detail.
I started testing with different mixtures, and I was surprised by seeing how small changes in the doses changed dramatically my autonomy, my sense of who I was, my way to think, my behavior with others.
A particularly impressive case for a few months, I tried doses and typical chemicals for a venture man, and I was surprised by seeing how my thoughts changed.
I was always functional, I thought all the time in sex -- and I thought it was the most intelligent person around the world, and   --  --  --  --  --  --  --  --  --  --  --  --  -- I -- I -- I -- I --  -- I -- I --  --  --
It turned out as a extreme.
But my great surprise was that I wasn't trying to be army.
In fact, I was trying to get a little bit insection, fix a problem that I had in front of it, and it just doesn't happen like this.
So I couldn't handle it.
I changed my dose.
But I think that experience gave me a new appreciation about men and what they have to go through. Since then it takes me better with men.
What I was trying to get -- and when I was going to adjust those hormones and neuroscientists and others, I was to reclaim my intelligence after disease and operation, my creative thinking, my flow of ideas.
I tend to think about almost always in images, and that became my key reference, how I get those mental images that I used to create prototypes, my ideas, if you will, testing new ideas and recreating situations.
This kind of thinking is not new.
Piles like Hummer, Descartes and Hobbes look at things in a similar way.
They thought the images and the mental ideas were the same thing.
There are people who are questioning this idea, and there are a lot of arguments about how the mind works. For me is simple for most of us, the mental images are fundamental for creative thinking and invented.
So after several years, I managed to find the point right and I have lots of great mental magnets, really vivid -- very sophisticated and well structures.
Now, I'm working on how to take fast these mental images, from my mind to the computer screen.
Can you imagine what would happen if a movie director was able to use their imagination only to address the world that has the front?
Or if a musician could extract the music of your head?
There are incredible possibilities with this, like the way that creative people can be shared at the speed of light.
And the truth is, the only difficulty to do this is simply increase the resolution of our brain scanning systems.
Let me show you why I think we're quite close to getting to this with two recent experiments made by two graphics destroyed in neuroscience.
Both of them used MRI technology, image for functional magnetic resonance to represent the brain, and here you can see the brain scan done by George Gandous and his Harvard colleagues.
The column on the left shows the scan of a person who looks at an image.
The media column shows the scanning of the brain of that same individual while you imagined that same image.
The column on the right is created by increasing the contents of the central column of the left on the left -- you see that difference is almost nuclear.
This is repeated in many different individuals with many different images, always with a similar outcome.
The difference between seeing an image and imagine to see that same image is almost nuclear.
Now, let me share with you another experiment. This is from Jack Galor lab in Berkeley, California.
They managed to turn the brain waves in the recognition fields.
Let's put it in this way.
In this experiment, it was shown to people hundreds of YouTube videos while they would scan their brains to create a big deal of brain reactions to video sequences.
Then I showed you a film with new images, new people, new animals, and as much as a new scan recorded.
The computer, using only the brain information of the scan that took it to show what seemed that the person was seeing.
On the right, you can see the decomposition of the computer, and on the left, the video that I showed you.
This got us boring.
We're okay close to it.
We just need to improve the resolution.
And now, remember, when you see a picture and when you imagine that same picture, you create the same mapping brain.
This led to the biggest brain scanning systems available today, and its resolution was increased as a thousand times in the last few years.
Now we need to increase the resolution about a thousand times to get a deeper look.
How do we do that?
There are many techniques to do it.
One is to open the skull and introduce electrodes in.
I don't offer that for that.
Many of them are proposing new projection techniques for images, even me. With the recent result of the MRI first, we need to ask ourselves, this technology will be the end of the way?
conventional wisdom says that the only way to get greater resolution is with larger magnets -- but at this point, the larger magnets only offer small improvements in the resolution -- not increase for thousands as we need.
I propose this idea: instead of larger magnets -- let's make better images.
We can create much more complex structures with slightly different arrangement -- like making a spiritual.
And why does this matter?
Over the last few years, a huge amount of effort at MRI were to make really big magnets to make really big magnets right?
Yet most of the recent advances in resolution of ingenious and brilliant solutions in code and decomposition, in the transmission and recording of FM radio frequency in the MRI systems.
At its time, instead of a magnetic field, we use magnetic patterns taken up to the FM radio frequencies.
So by combining magnetic patterns with the patterns of the FM radio frequency patterns, we can increase mass information that you can extract in a single scale.
In addition, we can then divide our growing knowledge on the structure of the brain and the memory to create the increase in the thousands we need.
By using MRI we should be able to measure not only the flow of oxygen blood but the organisms and neuroscientists that I've mentioned and perhaps even direct neural activity. This is the dream.
We will be able to fly our ideas into direct way to digital media.
Can you imagine if we could go over the language and communicate directly through thinking about it?
What would we be capable of?
And how do we learn how to deal with the truths of human thinking without filter?
You thought the Internet is a big thing.
These are big questions.
It would be irresponsible to use it as a tool to amplify our skills of thinking and communication.
Indeed, this same tool could lead to Alzheimer's cure and similar diseases.
We have few choices more than opening this door.
Anyway, they pick up a year, will happen in five or 15 years?
It's hard to imagine to take a lot more.
We need to learn how to give this step together.
Thank you.
I'm going to talk to you about this night about coming out of the closet, and not in a traditional sense, not just the gay closet.
I think we all have arms.
Their army may be telling some person for the first time that the loves or telling someone who's pregnant, or tell someone who has cancer, or any other conversation that you have to be trapped in life.
All arms is a difficult conversation, and even though our issues can vary tremendously -- the experience of having lived and having come out of that closet is something universal.
Day fear, and we don't like it, and it must happen.
A lot of years ago, I was working at the South Side Wall Walker, a restaurant in the city, and being there, I had to go through several stages of the previously liberal missile, not to take my airplanes, quote the letters of Eric Di France as a letter.
And I'm going to be aware that by the Holocaust of my short pantness, and I would have taken my head a little bit, would I ask a little boy, like, "Hey, are you girl or girl?"
And it would be an awkward silence on the table.
I would take my jaw a little bit more, I would take my coffee with a random left from it.
The father would have increased the newspaper, and the mother would launch a sentence look at his son.
But I would not say anything, and it would be striking inside.
And I got to the point that every time I went to a place where there was a child between three and ten years old, I was ready to fight.
And that's a terrible feeling.
So I promised that next time I would say something.
I would have that difficult conversation.
So after a few weeks, it happened again.
"Are you a kid or a girl?"
A family silence -- but this time I was prepared and I was about to get filled in the female issues at the table.  I had Betteenson Frederick.
The quote of Gloria Stevenson.
Even a snippet of the "Vagina Monologues" that I would show you.
And then I breathe bonding and I went down and my backs, a four-year-old girl with a pink dress, looking at what is not a challenge for a feminist devil, just a little girl with a question, "Are you kid or girl?"
And so I would breathe by blooding again, I set up classrooms near it, and I said, "Hey, I know that this is a confusing thing.
I have the short hair like a boy, and I saw a kid, but I'm a girl, and you know, like you like to use a pink dress, and sometimes you like to use a comfortable pine.
Well, I'm more about the girl of a comfortable pink."
And that girl looked at me, paying attention, and he said, "My favorite pajamas.
Can you give me a pickle, please?
And that was it. Just "Oh, OK. You're a girl.
What about the panel that I would like?
It was the easiest hard conversation of everybody ever had.
Why? Because the girl of the pink and I, both of us were honest with the other.
So as many of us, I've lived in some arms in my life, and yes, often, my walls used to be an archive.
But inside the dark, you can't know what color is walls.
You just know how one feels living in a closet.
This is how my closet, it's not different from yours or yours.
Now, I'm going to give you 100 reasons why I came out of my closet, it was harder than coming out of the his, but this is the thing: the hard thing is not relative to it.
The hard thing is hard.
Who can tell me that to explain to someone who has been declared in a broken bank is harder than saying it's been delight?
Who can tell me that this story I tell you is harder than telling your five-year-old son that you're going to discover?
There is no more difficult, only the difficult.
We need to stop classifying what is difficult to what it is hard to do for another person to make us feel better or worse relative to our arms and we need to just feel empathy because we all live something hard.
At some point in our lives, we all live in arms, and they may make a sense of security, or at least more security than the other side of the door.
But I'm here to tell you that it doesn't matter what their walls are, a closet is not a place to live.
Thank you.  Imagine itself 20 years ago.
I had a horse tail, a dress.
It wasn't the military lesson ready to fight any four years to go into the coffee.
I was frozen by fear, accomplished in a corner of my dark closet pushing my gay grandmother, and the only one muscle is the most terrifying thing I've ever done.
My family, my friends, complex strangers that I've spent my life was trying to not disappoint them, and now the world was going back to purpose.
I was burning the pages of a guide that we all have followed for so long, but if you don't launch that picture, you kill you.
One of my most memorable languages was in my sister's wedding.
It was the first time that many of the ones knew that it was gay, and when I did my honor lady lab, in my black and takes -- I walked around the tables and finally came to one where my parents were, people who knew me years ago.
And after speaking a moment, one of the women said, "I love Nathan Lander."
And the battle of the gay clock had begun.
"Are you ever in the Pasto?
"Well, yeah, the truth is, we have friends in San Francisco.
"Well, we've never gone there, but we've heard it's fantastic."
"Hey, know my Stanford Stanford?
It's very good and has never talked about having a novel."
"Hey, what is your favorite TV show.
Our favorite program Will and Grace.
And you know who you love us? Jack Jack.
Jack is our favorite."
And then a woman, desperately but in wait of showing desperately his support, to make me know that I was from my side, finally said basically, "Well, sometimes my husband uses pink cameras."
And I had an opportunity at that time, as you have all the graduate landscapes.
Sure, it could have been easy to indicate where they felt like sense.
It's not very difficult to find them and realize the fact that they were being defined.
And what else can you ask someone, right?
If you're going to be authentic with somebody, you have to be prepared for the authentic you get.
That's how the hard conversations follow without being my strong point.
Ask anyone that I have come out.
But I'm getting better, and I follow what I like to call the three principles of the Panderial Chicago.
Now, please look at this through gay perspective, but they understand that what means coming out of any gun is essentially the same thing.
Number one: Be authentic.
Take the armor. Be yourself.
That girl in the coffee had no armor, but I was ready for the battle.
If you want someone to be genome, others must know that we also suffer.
Number two: Be direct -- just give it off. Just scratch their partners.
If you know they're gay, they give it.
If they say to their parents that maybe might be gay, they will keep the hope that that could change.
Don't give them a sense of hope.
And number three, more important.  Let the complex.
You communicate your truth.
You just apologize for that.
And some of them can go out of safe, disconnect for what they've done, but they never apologize what they are.
And yes, maybe some of you will feel disappointed, but that's something in them, not in you.
Those are the expectations of what you are, but not the yours themselves.
That's the story of them, but not from you.
The only story that matters is what you want to write.
So the next time you find in a broken dark pushing a graduate, you have to know that we've all been there before.
And you may feel very alone, but they're not.
Thank you, Boulevar. Enjoy the spot.
Intelligence, what is that?
If we look at the story of how intelligence, a productive example has been the famous quote of Edison Discovery that "The question of if a machine can think is as interesting as the question of whether a submarine can swim nothing."
When Edgar Dicken wrote this thing as a critic to the pioneers of the computer like Alan Turing.
And so a few years ago, I started a program to try to understand the fundamental physical mechanisms underlying intelligence.
Let's go back a step.
We first start with a mental experiment.
Imagine you are from an alien race, you don't know anything about the biology of the Earth or the neuroscience of the Earth or the Earth's intelligence -- but you have incredible telescopes and you can see the Earth, and they have incredible lives, so you can see the Earth for millions, even billions of years.
And you see a very strange effect.
Of course, as terrorists, we know that the reason would be that we're trying to save ourselves.
We're trying to avoid an impact.
But if you're from an alien race that doesn't know anything about this, which has no concept about Earth's intelligence -- you would look at a physical theory that would explain how, to some point in time, the asteroids that demonstrate the surface of a planet missile stop doing it.
And so I claim that this is the same question that you can understand the physical nature of intelligence.
So in this program that I took several years ago, I analyzed a variety of topics through science, through various disciplines that were serious, I think, to a single underlying mechanism of intelligence.
In cosmology for example, there has been a variety of evidence that our universe seems to be finally adjusted for the development of intelligence, and in particular, for developing states that maximize the diversity of possible future.
Finally, in the robotic movement, there's been a variety of recent techniques that have tried to harness the skills of robots to maximize the future freedom of action in order to perform complex tasks.
And so by taking all these different themes and putting them together, I asked, for a number of years -- there is a underlying mechanism for intelligence that we can extract from all these different topics?
Is there only an equation for intelligence?
And I think the answer is yes. What you're seeing is probably the closest equivalent to one E for the intelligence that I have seen.
So what you're seeing here is an affirmation that intelligence is a force, File, that acts in order to maximize the future freedom of action.
It acts to maximize the future freedom of action or keeping open choices, with the diversity of possible future accessible, Yeah, to an impending future time, too.
In a few words, intelligence doesn't like to get stuck.
The intelligence tries to maximize the future freedom of action and maintain open options.
And so by having this equation, it's natural to ask: What can you do with this?
How predictable is it?
Do you predict the level of human intelligence.
Is artificial intelligence?
So I'm going to show you now a video that I think, show some of the amazing applications of this simple equation.
Narrator: Recent research in cosmology have suggested that the universes that produce more disorder, or "even "matter," during their life should have tendency to more favorable conditions for the existence of intelligent beings like us.
But what if that tentile cosmological connection between entropy and intelligence is a deeper relationship.
What if intelligent behavior is not only correlated with the long-term entropy production, but that actually comes up directly from it?
To find out, we've developed a motor of software called Entreprence, designed to maximize the long-term entropy production in any system where it finds inside.
Surprisingly, Entreprence could spend multiple animal intelligence, play human games, and even win money eating action, all of them without being told to do that.
Here are some examples of Entreprence in action.
Just as a hundred foot human, here we see England balancing automatically a poet using a cart.
This behavior is remarkable in part because we never gave America a goal.
He just decided by his account to balance the post.
This balance skill will have applications for human robotics and human assistance technologies.
This ability of tools of tools will have applications in intelligent manufacturing and agriculture.
In addition, just like some other animals can cooperate from extremes of a rope at the same time to release food, here we see England can perform a version of the model of that task.
This ability of cooperation has interesting consequences for economic planning and in a variety of other fields.
Entrepreneurship is widely applicable to a variety of domain.
For example, here we see it successfully.
So here we see England to order new connections in a social network where friends are constantly disconnected and kept with success the well connected network.
This same capacity of network organization also has applications in health care, energy and intelligence.
Here we see England organizing the routes of a block of boats, discovering successfully and using Panama Canal to extend global level its mayor from the Atlantic to the Pacific.
In the same way, Entrepreneur is widely applicable to problems in autonomous defense and logistics and transportation.
Finally, here we see Entrepreneur spontaneously discover and execute a strategy strategy, selling in a simulated series of action negotiation -- exactly increasing assets under their exponential gesture.
This risk management skill will have broad applications in finance and safe.
Alex Wishous" -- what you've seen is that a variety of brands of intelligent cognitive cognitive communications such as tool use, walking upright and social cooperation, all of them derived from one equation, that leads to a system to maximize their future freedom of action.
Now, here's a deep irony here.
We went back at the beginning of the use of the robot term, the work "Arreadouse," there was always the concept that if we developed smart machines, there would be a cyber rebellion.
Machines would be lifted against us.
One of the biggest consequences of this work is that maybe all of these decades, we've had all the concept of cyber rebellion to the winter.
It's not that machines first become smart and then magnetic and trying to support the world.
It's all of the opposite, that the impulse of taking control of all possible future is a more fundamental principle than the intelligence of the intelligence, that general intelligence can actually arise the control, rather than being the reverse.
Another important consequence is the search of the goal.
I often ask myself, how do you look for goals to get rid of this kind of shake?
My equivalent to that statement is to move down to the descendants to help them build artificial intelligence, or to help us understand human intelligence, is this: intelligence must be seen as a physical process that tries to maximize the future freedom of action and avoid restrictions in their own future.
Thank you very much.
We're at an inflection point in human history, something between the contract of stars and losing the planet we call home."
Although, in the last few years, we've expanded a lot of our knowledge of how it fits Earth in the context of the universe.
The Kepler mission of NASA has discovered thousands of planets that orbit around other stars, which points out that the Earth is only one between the billions of planets of our galaxy.
Kepler is a space telescope that measures the luminous intensity of the stars when planets go ahead of them, and they block a little bit of that light that comes up.
The data collected by Kepler shows the size of the planets in addition to the distance that there is between them and their mother.
In particular, this helps us understand whether these planets are small and rocks like the Earth planets of our solar system, and also the amount of light they receive from their sun.
In turn, this gives you clues about whether these planets that we find are habitable or not.
Unfortunately, as we are finding this potentially livable world, our own planet is surrounding under the weight of humanity.
The year 2014, it was the most recorded record.
Glaciers and sea ice who have been with us from a million now are disappearing in a matter of decades.
These environmental changes that we've been caused on the global scale have rapidly learned our ability to alter their course.
But I'm not a climate scientist, or astronomer.
I study the ability of the planet influenced by stars, with hope to find places in the universe where to discover life beyond our planet.
You could say that I look for alien opportunities in the interview sector.
Now, as someone really interested in the search of life in the universe, I can tell you that the more it looks for the Earth to the Earth, more enjoy our own planet.
Each of these new worlds invited a comparison between the newly discovered planet and the planets that we know better, the ones of our solar system.
Let's take our neighbor, Mars.
Mars is small and rock, and despite being a little further from the Sun, it can be considered a potentially habitable world showing this for a mission like Kepler.
In fact, it's possible that Mars has been habitable in the past, and partly that's why we studied so much to Mars.
Our rovers like "Surgery" track their surface in search of clues about the origins of life as we know it.
The satellites that orbit it, like the MARS mission, take samples of the Martian atmosphere, and try to understand how Mars has been able to lose their ability.
private companies now offer not only space flights but also the chance of living on Mars.
But even though all these Mars images remind us of the deserts of our planet, places that are linked in our imagination with cutting-edge ideas and pioneer ideas, compared to Earth, Mars is a pretty terrible place to live.
We take the extension of the democratic areas of our planet that are still going to be colonized, really extracting places compared to Mars.
Even in the most dry and most elevated places on Earth the air is fresh and full of oxygen exhibited by our tropical forests to thousands of miles away.
I worry that this excitement by the colonization of Mars and other planets to get a big and sad shadow, the implications and the belief of some that Mars will expect there to save us from this inflationary self-esteem of the only planet that we know is truly habitable -- the Earth.
For much that I like the interplanetary exploration, I am in deep disagreement with this idea.
There are a lot of good reasons to go to Mars, but say that Mars will be there to save humanity is like figuring out the captain of the Titanic will tell us that the parties of the Titanic will be able to get later in the wild boats.   Thank you.
But the goals for interplanetary exploration and terrorist preservation don't contribute.
No, they're actually faces of the same monkey: the goal of understanding and to improve life in the future.
The extreme environments in our world lights like alien panels.
They're just closer to home.
If we can understand how to create and maintain habitable spaces, in the hostile and influenced areas of the Earth, maybe we can satisfy the need to preserve our environment and go beyond that.
I leave you with a mental experiment -- the Ferry paradox.
A lot of years ago, the physicist East Federal asked in account that our universe has existed for a long time, and we hope that there are many planets in this universe, we should have found evidence of life existence to now.
Well, where are they?
Well, a possible solution to the Fermi paradox is that when civilizations become advanced enough to consider to continue to live between the stars, they lose the notion of how important it is to protect the origin of planets that drive this development.
It is arrogant to think that only international collaboration will save us from ourselves, but the planetary preservation and the interplanetary exploration can work together.
If we really believe in our ability to commit to the hostile environments of Mars for human presence, then we should be able to overcome the even easier task of preserving the ability on Earth.
Thank you.
A few years ago, I took my own home.
And while I was on the front porch looking at my pockets, I realized I didn't have the keys.
In fact, I could see the window that were at the dining table, where I had left them.
So fast I tried to open all the other doors and windows and all of them were okay.
I thought about calling a clothes, at least I had my cell phone, but to the midnight, a clothes could spend a lot of time in coming in, and it was cold.
I couldn't go home from my friend of Jeff to spend night because I had a flight in Europe in the next morning, and I was presenting from my passport.
It would be expensive, but I sure that not more expensive than a certain middle of a night, so I thought, despite the circumstances -- comes well stop.
I'm a professional neuroscientist, and I know a little bit about how the brain works.
Corruption releases the heart rate -- modulate the levels of adrenaline and cloud thinking.
And when I got to the factor of factoring in the airport, I realized I didn't have my passport.
Well, I had a long time to think about those eight hours without sleep.
And I started wondering, if there was something I could do, systems that I could put in place, that they prevent bad things happen.
Or at least, if bad things, that minimize the likelihood that it's a total catastrophe.
So I started thinking about that, but until a month later, my thoughts didn't create.
I was dinner with my colleague Danny Katman, won from the Nobel Prize, and a little embarrassed I was talking about the window, and I had forgotten my passport, and Danny shared me that I had been practicing something called a prosperity responsibility.
It's something he had learned from the psychologist Gary Kleer, who had written about this a few years before, known as promise.
Everybody knows what the prosthetic is.
Every time there's a disaster, a team of experts comes and try to figure out what went wrong, right?
In the promote, as DNA explains -- you look forward and try to figure out all the things that could go wrong, and then try to figure out what you can do to prevent things happen or to minimize the damage.
So what I want to talk about with you is some of the things that we can do in the form of a promotion.
Some of them are evidence, others are not so evident.
I'm going to start with obvious.
In the house, I will discover a place for things that are easily lost.
This sounds common sense, and it is, but there's a lot of science supporting this thesis -- based on how our space memory works.
There is a structure in the brain called hypothetical, which has evolved over thousands of years, to make a tracking of the location of the important things, where the good is, where the fish are -- that uses fruit trees, where the tribes are friends and the enemy.
The hippocampus is the part of the brain that is running in the London Tabins.
It's the part of the brain that allows them to find their nuts.
And if you ask if somebody really did the experiment, they cut the entire sense of the airplanes, and they could still find their nuts.
They didn't use the smell, but the hippocampus, that very evolved mechanism of the brain to find things.
But it's really good for things that don't move much, not so good for things that move a lot.
This is the reason to lose calls of reading and law glasses.
So at home they get a place for the keys, a hook next to the door, maybe a decline dish.
For his passport, a particular box.
For their reading glasses, a particular message.
If you make a place and you're screening with it, your stuff will always be there when you look for them.
What about travel?
They take with the cell a picture of their credit card, license of driving, paradox, send them by email to themselves so they are in the cloud.
If these things are lost or stealing them, this can be easier to be fascinating.
These are some of the most obvious things.
Remember, when you're under stress, your brain releases correct.
The cortex is toxic and the thinking.
So part of the processing practice is to recognize that under stress we're not going to be at best, and you have to put the systems in your site.
And there's perhaps not more stressful situations than when you face a medical decision.
And at some point, we will all be in that situation, to have to make a very important decision about the future of our medical attention or a loved being, to help them with a decision.
And so I want to talk about that.
And to talk about a very particular medical condition.
But this is made as a proposition for all of the medical decisions, and in fact for the form of financial decisions and social decisions, any kind of decision you have to take from which you benefit a rational assessment of the facts.
So let's suppose that they go to the doctor and the doctor says, "I've received the result of the lab and the cholesterol is a little bit high.
You all know that the high cholesterol is associated with a greater risk of cardiovascular diseases, attack the heart, stroke brain.
So you're thinking that having high cholesterol is not the best, then the doctor says, "I'd like to give you a drug that will help you reduce the collaborator, a strategy."
And maybe you've heard of the statistics, and you know that it's one of the most respected drugs in the world today. Even it's likely to know people who take them.
And so you think, "Yes, receive the status."
But there is a question that you should do then, a statistics that you should ask for most physicians to talk about, and the pharmaceutical companies even less.
It's for NIN, the number needed to treat.
And what is this, the NASA?
It's the number of people who have to take a drug or self to a surgery in any medical procedure before you help a person.
And you have to think about what kind of statistical statistics is that?
The number should be one.
My doctor wasn't going to take me something if it wasn't to help me.
But actually, medical practice doesn't work like this.
And it's not a courage of the doctor, and if it's a fault of somebody, it's from scientists like me.
We haven't understood the underlying mechanisms very well.
But the McLuhan estimates that 90 percent of drugs work only from 30 to 50 percent of the people.
So the number needs to treat the most widely prescribe station, what do you think is it?
How many people have to take it before they help a person?
300.
This is the research of the cynical researchers Jeremy Graventh and Pamela Harvard, confirmatory in independent form of Bengler.
I just explore numbers.
300 people have to take the drug for a year before they avoid a single heart attack, brain spill or another adverse event.
Now maybe you think, "Well, one probability in 300 to go down my collaborator.
Why not, doctor? Give me the recipe anyway.
But then you have to ask for a more statistics, and it is, "Hello of the secondary effects, right?
For this particular medicine, side effects are produced by five percent of the patients.
And those include terrible things -- department pain muscle and articulate pain, grassland pain, but now they think, "Fifty percent is not very likely to happen to me, still take the medicine.
But a moment.
You remember under stress don't think of clarity.
So think about how this will be associated with time, so they don't have to manufacture the chain chain in the act.
300 people take the drug, right? A person has helped it, five percent of the 300 have side effects, that's 15 people.
You have 15 times more likely to go out of the drug that you help the drug.
I don't say they should or not take the station.
I just say you should have this conversation with your doctor.
The medical ethic requires it, it's part of the principle of informed consent.
We have access to this kind of information to start the conversation about whether you want to take risks or not.
You may be thinking that I've launched this number in the air by the value of the crash, but actually this number needs to treat is quite typical.
For the surgery that you do in the older men of 50, extraction of prostate for cancer, the number needs to treat is 49.
So, 49 surgeries for a person who has helped it.
And the side effects in that case, are produced by 50 percent of the patients.
Those include the implications or environmental dysfunction or universal, recycled programmer, fecal income collection.
And if you're lucky, and it's one of that 50 percent of the effects just last year or two.
So the idea of promise is to think before the questions that you can plant to drive the conversation forward.
You don't have to make all of this in the act.
And they also want to think about the quality of life.
Because you have a lot of times, do you want a shorter life free of pain, or a longer life that could have a lot of pain towards the end?
These are the things you talk about and think about now, with your family and your loved ones.
They can change opinion in the heat of the moment, but at least you're trained in this kind of thought.
Remember, our brain releases correct under stress, and one of the things that happens at that moment is that a lot of systems are sticking.
There's an evolutionary reason for this.
I face face with a predator -- it's not necessarily the digestive system, or the liberty or the immune system, because if the body is spending metabolism in those things, it doesn't react with rapper. They could be the lunch of lions, so none of that matters.
Unfortunately, one of the things that goes through the window during those moments of stress is the rational legal thought, like Danny Kanzano and his colleagues have shown.
So we have to train ourselves to think about the future to these kinds of situations.
I think the important thing here is to recognize that we are all defense.
We're all going to fail in the time.
The idea is to think about the future how they could be those fail, to put the systems in the place that will help us minimize damage, or to prevent bad things happen in the first place.
Rebelling the night of snow in Montreal -- when I came back from my journey, my contractor pointed to me a combination of combination next to the door, with a keys of entry door in the same way, a easy way to remember it.
And I have to admit that I still have lots of letters that I have not ordered and lots of email messages that I haven't read.
So I'm not very wrong, but I see the organization as a gradual process, and I'm getting it.
Thank you very much.
Interpreter: Pink, and it's my favorite musical symbol.
It means playing.
If you're playing a musical instrument and you see a point in the score, you need to play more enough.
Two percent, even more super.
Four P, extremely smooth.
This is my drawing of a pound of point, you see that it doesn't matter how many thousands and thousands of feet, you can never get to a complete silence.
That's my current definition of silence, a very dark sound.
I'd like to share a little bit about the history of the American system, the ASH, besides a little bit of my own story.
The language of French signs came up during the 1800s, and over time, it mixes with local signs, and it developed the language that we know today as ASH.
So it has a story of about 200 years.
I was born deaf, and they taught me to believe that sound wasn't a part of my life.
And I thought it was true.
However, I realize that it's not true for anything.
Sound are a very important part of my life, really are in my mind every day.
As a deaf person who lives in a world of sound, it's like I live in an foreign country, following their rules, computers, behaviors and norms without questioning them.
So how do I understand sound.
Well, I see how people behave and respond to sound.
People are like my alternatives and amplify sound.
Learning and copied that behavior.
At the same time, I've learned that I can create sound, and I've seen how people respond to it.
So I've learned for example.
"Don't run the door."
"Don't make a lot of noise when they eat the bag of failure paper."
"Don't engage, and when you're eating it, you don't throw the covers on the dish.
This is all called sound tagging."
Maybe I think of the more sound of sound than the average person does it.
I'm super surveillance of sound.
And I'm always waiting for sound, which is to come next.
From there, this drawing.
TED, for deciding to do.
TBP: To keep going.
TBP: To announce it.
You can see the pigeon doesn't have notes on the lines.
That's because the lines already contain sound through subtle and shared boring.
In deaf culture, the movement is equivalent to sound.
This is the sign for "Pascalist in the ASH.
A typical panel has five lines.
But to me, I do my thumb with my thumb so it doesn't feel natural.
That's why in my drawings I only have four lines on the paper.
In 2008, I had the opportunity to travel to Berlin, Germany, for artistic resistance there.
Before this time, I had worked as a painting.
During this summer, I visited museums and spaces of different galaxies, and while I went from one place to another, I realized that there was no visual art there.
At that time, the sound was the trend and that struck me to attention.
There was no visual art, everything was hearing.
Now sound has entered my art.
Is it going to distance me more of the art?
I realized that it doesn't have to be like this.
In fact, I know sound.
I know it so well that it doesn't only experience through the ears.
I can feel it in a tactile way, or to experience it visually, or even as an idea.
So I decided to reclaim the property of sound and integrate it in my artistic practice.
And everything that had taught me in the sound of sound, I decided to leave it and get it.
I started to create a new work body.
And when I presented it to the artistic community, it was impressed with the amount of support and attention that I got.
I realized that sound is like money, the power, the control.
In the bottom of my mind, I always felt that the sound was alien -- it was something of a listener.
And the sound is so powerful that I could well get rid of me and my artistic work, or I could empower me.
I chose to be posted.
There's a massive culture around the language spoken language.
And only because I don't use my voice voice to communicate, the eyes of society is like I didn't have a voice at all.
So I have to work with people who can support me to equal and become my voice.
So I am able to be relevant in current society.
So in school, at work and institutions, I work with many different performers from ASH.
And its voice becomes my voice and identity.
They help me be heard.
And their voices have value and weight.
Ironically, by asking for their voices, I am able to keep a temporary form of value something like taking a loan with a very high interest rate.
If I didn't continue with this practice, I feel that it could be destroyed in the forgotten and not have any kind of social value.
So with sound as my new artistic medium, deeply deeply in the music world.
And I was surprised by seeing the similarities between music and ASH.
For example, a musical note can't be captured and express in the paper.
And the same thing can tell you about a concept in ASH.
The two are very space and highly modeled space that means that subtle changes can affect the whole meaning of signals as well as sound.
I'd like to share with you a piano metaphor to understand better how the ASHL works.
So, imagine a piano.
The ASH is divided in many different grammar parameters.
If you assign a different parameters for every finger while you touch the piano -- like facial expression, body, speed, the shape of your hand and so as you touch the piano, the English is a linear language, as if you would just get a touch at a time.
However, the ASHL is more like a chord. You need 10 fingers in the simultaneous form to express a clear concept or idea in ASH.
If only a keyboard would change the chord. It would create a completely different meaning.
Same thing happens with music in terms of tone and Tim and volume.
In ASH, by using these different geometrical parameters -- you can express different ideas.
For example, the signal fish in that."
This is the signal signal in that."
I'm looking at you.
Look at me.
Oh, I was carrying.
A Oh.
What are you looking at?
Ah, so on.
So I started thinking, and if I look at the ASH through the lens of music?
If I had to create a sign and repeat it over and over again, it could be like a piece of visual music.
For example, this is the sign of "Day, the sun comes out and it puts.
This is all day."
If you repeat it and reduce speed, you visually look like a musical piece.
Every day.
I feel like the same thing can say to the night.
"All night.
This is all night, in this drawing.
And this led me to think about about three different types of night, "And "Alexander," "All night ..."
I feel that the third has more music than the other two.
This represents how time is expressed in ASH and how the body of the body can express changes over time.
For example, one -- it's one hand, two hours -- it's two hands, the present gets closer and in front of the body, the future is in front of the body, and the past is in the back.
So the first example is "do a long time.
And then "being "and "American and the last "Anthropo, which is my favorite, with a very romantic and dramatic idea at the same time, "Once once."
Common time is a musical term with a specific rate of four times by companies.
However, when I see the word "time common: I think automatically at the same time.
See, MR: Healthy hand, MIT: left hand.
We have the panel through the head and the chest.
(Chance: Media, flower will be "English Common: My mail, "My flower garden: I'm going to teach you a shape of the hand called "A Florida "grade."
Can you do it with me?
All of them with high hands.
We're now going to do it as much in the head as the chest, something like "common time, or at the same time.
Yeah, great.
That means "to fall in the international system.
The international system, as a note, is a visual tool to help communicate in all cultures and signs of signs around the world.
The second one I'd like to show you is this one. Please do it again.
And now this.
It means "collistography in the ASH.
Now, the third. Please give me again.
And again.
It's "Limbar in the ASH.
Let's do the three together.
"Forget, collaboration: "climbing and illumination."
Good work.
Notice how three signs are very similar. They all happen in the head and the chest -- but they transmit very different meaning.
It's amazing to see how the ASH is alive and surprisingly, like music.
However, today, we live in a very auditory world.
And only because ASH doesn't have sound, automatically doesn't have social value.
We have to start questioning what the social value is defined and allow the ASH to develop its own value, no sound.
And this could be a step to make a more inclusive society.
And maybe people understand that you don't have to be deaf to learn ASA. You don't have to hear for music.
The ASH is a rich team, and I'd like you to have the same experience.
I'd like to invite you to open your ears open your eyes, to participate in our culture and experience your visual language.
And you never know, you can even fall in love with us.
Thank you.
Denne Karaskelhowan: Hey, that's me.
As a child, my parents said, "You can put it all, but then you have to clean it up.
freedom involves responsibility.
But my imagination took me to all these wonderful places, where everything was possible.
So I grew up in an innocent bubble or a ignorance bubble I should say, because adults lie to protect us from the horrible truth.
When I get older, I found out that adults are also engaging and they're not very good to clean the others.
Time happened, now I'm an adult and city and invention at the Hong Kong.
You don't have to wait a lot for my students to walk on the beach with a lot of garbage mountains.
So as a good citizens, we cleaned the beaches, and no, it's not drinking alcohol, and if you are, I didn't give it to you.
It's sad to say, but more than 80 percent of the oceans contain plastic.
It's a speculative thing.
And in the last few decades, we've been coming out with these big bubbles and networks, to collect those pieces of plastic to study them under the microscope, and we classify them and we collected this information on a map.
But it lasts an eternity and it's very expensive and it's also very risky to use those huge boats.
So along with my students, with ages of six to 15 years, we dream with inventing a better way.
We've transformed our tiny classroom in Hong Kong in a workshop.
So we started building this mass of work with altitude altitude so that the very low kids can also participate.
And I'll tell you, kids who manipulate electrical tools are great and secure.
Not exactly.
Let's go back to the plastics.
We collect the plastic and we reduce it to the size that we found it in the ocean, which is very small, because of its fragmentation.
That's what we do.
I leave it to the imagination of my students.
My job is to try to take the best ideas of every child and try to combine them into something we expect it to work.
We decided instead of collecting plastic pieces of plastic, we just collect information.
Through the use of a robot, we take a picture of this plastic -- kids are getting excited with robots.
Then we create quickly what we call a prototype."
We're so quick in creating prototypes that we ended before lunch.
And we transform lamps and web cameras in access and we put it into a floating robot that will slowly move through water and by the plastic we have there, and this is the image captured by the robot.
We see plastic pieces floating slowly through the sensor while the strength computer process this image and measure the size of each particle to get an approximate estimate of the amount of plastic in the water.
So we documented this invention step on a website for inventors called "States" with the hope that someone gets better even more.
The great thing about this project is that students saw a local problem, and boom, they're trying to fix it immediately.
I can research my local problem, but my students in Hong Kong are very well informed.
You see the news, they come up with the Internet, and they took this image.
A child, perhaps less than 10 years old, cleaning a oil spill, just using the hands, in Sunday, the largest mangrove forest in the world in Bangladesh.
They stayed very surprised because this is the water they drink, it's the water in which they're based, the water where they fish, the place where they live.
You can also see that the water is brown and the mud and oil are also a brown color, and when everything gets mixed up, it's very difficult to see what is in the water.
But there is a simple technology called spectrum, which allows you to see what's in the water.
We built a very first prototype of a spectrum that can encourage through all kinds of substances that produce different species, which can help identify what's in the water.
We took this prototype with a sensor and we sent it to Bangladesh.
The great thing about this project is that beyond solving a local problem, or to analyze a local problem, my students used their empathy and their sense of creativity to help other children.
I can research a problem at the distance I saw myself to do a second experiment, and I wanted to go a little bit further and maybe address a harder problem, and also closer to me.
I'm half Japanese and French half, and maybe remember, that in 2011, there was a devastating earthquake in Japan.
It was so violent that they unleash several giant waves, called themes, and those tsunami destroyed several cities on the coast of Japan.
Over 15,000 people died in an instant.
It also gives the nuclear power plant of Fukushima, a nuclear central center to the water.
And today, according to the average 300 tons are still leaking from the nuclear plant in the Pacific Ocean.
Today, the entire Pacific Ocean has the training traces of contemporary.
If we go to the West coast, we can measure Funnisie radiation everywhere.
But if you look at the map, it seems that most of the radiation disappeared from the Japanese coast, and most of the time it looks safe -- it's blue.
Well, reality is a little bit more complicated than that.
I've come back to Funnise every year from the accident and research in independent way with other scientists, the Earth, the river, and this time we wanted to bring children.
Of course, we didn't take them, the parents didn't allow them.
But every night we reported to the center of control -- here you see the use of different mask.
They might seem like they didn't take the work seriously, but they did it because they are going to have to live with the radioactive their entire life.
Together with them we discussed the data that day and we talked about what we were going to do next, strategies, standard, etc.
And to do this, we created a reduction map of the region around the nuclear energy plant.
We created the elephant map, we introduced penguins to represent real-time data in real time of radioacin, and we spray water to simulate rain.
And with this we could notice that the radioactive powder was leaking from the top of the mountain into the river system and it described in the ocean.
It was an approximate estimate.
But based on this we organized civil expedition, the closest to the nuclear central to the date.
We get closer to 1,500 miles from the nuclear central, and with the help of fisheries of the area we were collecting seats from the marine milk with a self-design substance as we invented and build and built.
Here we see a progression: we've gone from a local problem to a remote problem, to a global problem.
And it's been very exciting to work on these different scales, also with open source technologies and very simple code.
But at the same time, it's been increasingly frustrating because we've only been starting to measure the damage we've done.
We don't even start trying to solve the problems.
I wonder if we should give the leap and try to invent better ways to do all these things.
So the classroom became a little bit small so we found an industrial installation in Hong Kong and turned it into the largest space dedicated to social and environmental impact.
It's at Hong Kong center and it's a place where we can work with wood, metal, chemistry, a little bit of biology, psychopathic, basically, you can build almost everything there.
It's also a place where adults and children can play together.
It's a place where kids of children can become reality with adults, and where adults can be children again.
Students: Accelerated." Accepted."
Country Harvard: We asked things like, can we invent the future of monopoly energy?
For example.
Or can we help the mobility of advanced age population transforming their standard wheels in new electric vehicles.
The plastic, oil and radiation are terrible, but the worst legacy that we can leave our children are lies.
We can't afford to protect the children of the horrible truth because we need their imagination to invent solutions.
So, scientific citizens, creators -- states, we have to prepare the next generation to worry about environment and people, and so that it can really do something about it.
Thank you.
Two twin cells, two radically opposite design.
One is made of thousands of pieces of steel, the other one of a single silk ice.
One is synthetic -- the other organic one.
One is imposing about the environment, the other thing creates it.
One is designed by nature, the other one for her.
Miguel said that when he looked at the brother in the gross -- he saw a figure that struggles for free.
The cycle was only a tool of Michel Age.
But living beings are not cleared.
They grow.
And in the smallest units of life, the cells, we take all the information required for every cell to work and to replicate to replace.
tools also have consequences.
At least from the Industrial Revolution, the world of design has been dominated by registers of manufacturing and production in mass.
The monkey lines have been able to have a world made out of a world made by participating the imagination of designers and architects trained to think of their objects like disabilities of distinctive parts with different functions.
But you don't find an entropy material in nature.
Think of the human skin, for example.
Our facial skin is thin disappeared people.
The skin skin are more thick with small pores with little pores with them.
One act primarily as a filter, the other mainly as a barrier, and yet it's the same skin, there are no parts, no shared.
It's a system that would be gradually its functionality through variation variation.
Here's a divided screen that represents my view of the divided world, the double personality.
These two visions of the world, my left hemisphere and the right, analysis and systems, is shown in the two screens after me.
My work, in its simplest level, tries to bring these two visions of the world, getting away from the assembly and accelerating to growth.
You probably wonder, why now?
Why wasn't it possible about 10 or even five years?
We live in a very special moment in history, a rare moment where they connect four disciplines that offers access to tools that we had never had access to before.
And in the intersection of these four fields, my team and I created.
Please know the minds and the hands of my students.
We designed objects, products, structures and tools through scale, of great scale, like this robotic arm with a 24-year-old diameter with a singular basis that someday not very far to print entire buildings, and graphic graphics made from genetically engineered microorganisms, which shine in darkness.
Here we have reinvent the cellular, an archetype of the ancient Arab architecture, and has created a screen where every openness is a unique size to model the shape of light and heat through it.
In our next project, we explore the possibility of creating a layer and a skirt -- this was for a Paris fashion disorder with Iran van Herbord. It's like a second skin made from one piece of a single piece, which is recorded in the continents, flexible around the waist.
Together with 3D printing collaborator, we printed this layer and skirt 3D without costs between cells, and I'll show you more objects like that.
This helmet combined and soft materials in the 20th microwave resolution.
This is the resolution of a human hair.
It's also the resolution of a CIA scanner.
That designers have access to this high-resolution analytical and synthetic instruments, allow to design products that adapt not only the shape of our bodies, but also the physiological structure of our tissues.
We've also designed an acoustic chair, a chair at the same time structure, comfortable and also it absorbs sound.
Professor Carter -- my collaborator, we went back to nature to inspire us, and by designing this self-assembly pattern, it becomes a soldier.
We print this surface of 44 different properties, which vary in risk, optimism and color, corresponds to the points of pressure in the human body.
Their surface, as in nature, it will vary its functionality not through the addition of another material or another disability, but vary continuously and dramatically the material property.
But is this ideal nature?
No parts in nature?
I didn't raise myself in a religious Jewish home, but when I was young, my grandmother told me stories from the Hebrew Bible, and one of them was left and got to define a lot of what I care about.
Like she relates, "In the third day of the creation, God sent the Earth growing a brutal free of fruit frontier."
For that first fruit tree, there would be no difference between the trunk, branches and leaves and fruit.
The whole tree was a fruit.
Instead, the land made trees with branches, cortex and workshops and flowers.
The land created a world made of parts.
I often ask, "What's the design if the objects were made from one piece of piece?
Are we going back to a better state of creation.
So we look for the biblical material, the kind of material tree of the fruit tree with fruit fruits and we found it.
The second most abundant biology on the planet is called the lung, and about 100 million tons are produced every year by organisms like shrimp, crabs, schools and butterflies and butterflies and butterflies are produced.
We thought that if we could tune their properties, we could generate multi-line structures in one piece.
So that's what we did.
We call it legal marketing.  We asked a lot of cards of shrimp, the molecules and we produced summarize cake.
Looking at chemical concentrations -- we've been able to achieve a wide range of properties, from dark, hard and opaque, to light, soft and transparent.
To print the large-scale structures to scale, it was built a system with multiple recording backs robotics.
The robot could vary the properties of the material on the march, and create these structures made out of one material only three feet long, 100 percent recycling.
When the pieces are ready, they let them dry to find a natural way to contact the air.
So why do we keep designing with plastics.
The air bubbles that were a subject of the printing process were used to contain photographs that appeared for the first time on the planet 300 billion years ago, as we heard yesterday.
Along with our collaborators in Harvard and MIT, we set up the bacteria genetically designed to capture rapidly carbon from the atmosphere and turn it into sugar.
For the first time, we've been able to generate structures that make their transition without any problem of sample, and if you expand even more, you wind.
A brutal tree charged of fruit.
Working with an old material, one of the first forms of life on the planet, with abundant water and with a little synthetic biology, we've transformed a structure made of shrimp care in an architecture that behaves like a tree.
And here's the best part: for objects designed to biology -- put on the sea, feed marine life, and placed on the ground, help grow a tree.
The adjust for our next exploration using the same principles of design was the solar system.
We are looking for the possibility of creating clothes to keep life for interpretation travel.
To do that, we should dominate bacteria and control their flow.
So as the periodic table, we made our own table of elements: new forms of life created completely familiar and augmented in a biological way.
I like to think of synthetic biology like the liquid algorithm, just that instead of transmitting precious metals -- are set up new biological functionality within very small channels.
This field is called microscope.
We print our own 3D channels to control the flow of these liquid bacterial crops.
In our first piece of clothing, two microbial piece.
The first is the climate.
It lives in our oceans and the freshwater standards.
And the second one, I said, the bacteria that was in the human intestine.
One becomes sugar light, the other sugar consumption and produces useful biofuels for the built environment.
But these two microscopes don't interact in nature.
In fact, they never met.
They're here, designed for the first time, to have a relationship on a piece of clothes.
Think about it as evolution, not by natural selection, but evolution for design.
To contain these relationships, we've created a single channel that resembles to the digestive tract that will help them flow these bacteria and alter their function.
So we started growing those channels in the human body, providing the properties of material according to the desired function.
If we wanted more photos, we designed more transparent channels.
This kind of distant digestive system, when you stretch from an extreme to another, it would be about 60 meters.
This is half the length of a football field, and 10 times more than our delightful intestine.
And here it is, as a primary at TED, our first portal policy, bright liquid channels with life inside the clothing.
Thank you.
Mary Shermer said, "We are critical passenger creatures, only half is done."
What if design will provide the other half.
What if we could create structures that increase living matter?
What if we could create personal microbes that would scan our skin, would repair damaged tissue and support our bodies.
Think about this as a way of editing biology.
I call this the material ecology.
For it, you always have to go back to nature.
For now, you know that a 3D printer print material in layers.
You also know that nature doesn't do this.
It grows up. It adds sophistication.
This guard capture, for example, creates an highly sophisticated architecture, a home within which it was metaphorically.
The manufacturing is not about this level of sophistication.
It does it through combination not of two materials, but two proteins in different concentrations of them.
One act as a structure, the other one is the glue or the matrix, bringing those fibers into each other.
And this happens through scales.
The first silk worm is presented in the environment, creates a tension structure, and then it starts to occupy a compare of compression.
tension and compression. The two forces of life, they manifest in a single material.
In order to understand better how this complex process, we stick a small magnet to the head of a silk worm to the ethic.
We put it inside a box with magnetic sensors, and that allowed us to create this cloud of points in three dimensions and visualize the complex architecture of silk worm.
However, when you put silk worm on a flat patch -- not within a box, we realized that it would hurt a flat capture and still metabolize it.
So we started designing different environments, different scaffolding animals, and we've discovered that the form, composition -- the structure of the cocoon is translated directly by the environment.
You often get rid of silk worms to death inside your captains, your silk gets rid and used in the textile industry.
We saw that designing these planets we could shape the raw silk without boiling one capita.
They will be sitting up, and we could create these things.
So we climb this process to architectural scale.
We had a Dutch robot making silk plans, and we put ourselves in our site.
We knew that silk worms migrated towards more dark and cold areas -- so we used a sunlight diagram to reveal the distribution of light and heat in our structure.
So we created holes or abstracts, to block the rays of light and heat, distributing silk worms on the structure.
We were prepared to get the origins.
We asked 65,000 worms of silk to a line farm farm.
And after feeding them four weeks, they were prepared to hurt with us.
We put them carefully on the lower edge of the scaffolding -- and while they were halfway, they were completely approached, they put eggs together, and life starts again, like us, but much, much more short.
Buckminster Fuller said that tension is the great integrity, and it was right.
When you look at the biological silk of the robotic silk of the robotic silk -- they give all this pavilion its integrity.
And in a little more than two or three weeks, 6,000 worms of silk are 650 miles.
In a curious symmetry, this is also the length of silk route.
The polls, after the economy, produce 1.5 million eggs.
This could be used for 250 additional propagas in the future.
So here are the two visions of the world.
A silk street through a robotic arm, the other empty fill.
If the last frontier of design is to give life to products and buildings around us, to form an ecology of two materials, designers must bring these two visions of the world.
Which brings us back to us, of course, at the beginning.
Here it is to a new age of design, a new era of creation, which leads us from a design inspired in nature to nature inspired in the design, which demands from us, for the first time, that we make ourselves charge of nature.
Thank you.
Thank you very much. Thank you.
Raise your hand if you've ever asked them, "What do you want to be of most?"
If you had to remember how old they were when they first asked them this?
You can show them with the fingers.
Three. Five. Three. Three. Five. Five.
Now, raise your hand if you ask, "What do you want to be of most?"
You've caused some kind of anxiety.
Any anxiety.
I'm somebody who could never answer the question, "What do you want to be of most?"
The problem wasn't that I didn't have any interest, but I had too much.
In school, I liked English, and the materials and the art and developed websites, plus playing the guitar in a pound band called French Telescope.
Maybe you've heard of us.
And in general, I like to test and persist anyway, for having dedicated a long time and energy and sometimes money in this field.
But over time this feeling of being displaced, this feeling of, this is no longer a challenge, it comes back to me.
And I have to leave it.
But then I get interested in something else, something completely different, and I get immersed in it, and I let myself absorb and feel "Yes." I've found the mine," and then again, this point where I start to get out.
And finally, I want to leave it.
But then I'd like to discover something new and different, and I would like to get into that.
This pattern causes me a lot of anxiety for two reasons.
The first was because I wasn't sure how I was going to turn all this into a career.
I thought I had to choose one thing, deny all of my other passions -- and refuse to get me.
Another reason why I got so much anxiety was a little bit more personal.
I was worried that there was something wrong in this, and something wrong with me not to define anything.
I was concerned to be afraid of engagement or being slide, or to strike or to my own success.
If you can relate my story and these feelings, I would like to ask you something that I'd like to have planted then.
Ask themselves, where they learned how to assign meaning or abnormal meaning to do things.
I'll tell you where you learn it, you learned it from culture.
We are asked about what you want to be of most?"
When we have about five years.
And the truth is that nobody matters what you answer to that age.
It considers an naive question to provide linear answers in children like, "Be astronomers," or "I want to be a piano."
Just insert the Harvard head here.
This question is done over and over again as we grow up in various ways, I mean, to graduate students are asked that they're going to choose in college.
And at some point, "What do you want to be of most?"
It's going to happen to be the cute exercise of before we take the dream.
Why?
If this question inspired kids to dream with what they might be, it wasn't inspired to dream with everything they could be.
In fact, it just does the opposite, because when someone asks you what you want to be, you can't respond with 20 different things, even though you get interested and say, "Oh, what cute, but you can't be artistic and psychologists.
You have to choose."
This is Dr. Bob Chiles  and he is artistic of rape and psychopathic.
And this Amy Norden, an editor of magazine converted in a club, entrepreneur, teacher and creative director.
But most children don't hear about people like this.
Everything you hear is they're going to have to choose.
But it's more than that.
The notion of life is very idealized in our culture.
It's this idea of fate or the true vocality, the idea that every one of us has something to dedicate for their time on this land, and you have to figure out what that thing is and dedicate your life to it.
But if you're someone who's not connected in this way?
What happens if there are lots of different issues that wake up their curiosity and many different things that you want to do?
There's no place for someone like one in that frame.
And so you can feel alone.
You can feel that it doesn't have a goal.
And I will feel something wrong with one.
There's nothing wrong in you.
You're a multiplies.
A multi-line multiplicity is someone with many interests and creative activities.
It's a mountain for that way.
It could help if it's divided in three parts: multiple and potential and day.
You can also use other terms that connect the same idea, as an eradication, research.
During the time of the Renaissance, the ideal was who was okay in multiple disciplines.
Barbara Sherman refers to us as "schools."
They use any term they like or invent one itself.
It seems like a kind of addition to a community, we can't agree with one identity.
It's easy to see the multi-line as limited or application that you should come.
But what I've learned by talking to people and writing about these ideas on my website, is that there are huge strengths when it was like this.
Here are three multi-line superconductors.
One: ideas.
I mean, the combination of two or more fields and the creation of something new in the intersection.
Saint Hangah and Rachel Bingdom expressed their shared interests in cartilage, visualization of data, travel, mathematics and design, when I founded Messelve.
Messy is a company that creates geographically inspired jewelry.
A and Rachel came up with this unique idea for its excellent mixture of skills and experiences.
Innovation happens in the intersections.
That's where new ideas.
And multiplies, with all of their backgrounds, can access a lot of these interests of interaction.
The second multi-line supermarket is fast learning.
When the multiplies are interested in something, we go to it.
We look at everything we can have in our hands.
We're being happened to be principles, for having been a lot of times in the past, and this means we have less afraid of testing new things and coming out of our comfort areas.
Many skills are transferred to other disciplines, and we bring everything we've learned to every new area that we are going to do, so we rarely start from zero.
Now Donne is a full-time journey and independent writing journey.
As a little bit of a pianist I would perfect an incredible ability to develop muscle memory.
Now, she's the fastest known memory.
Before I became writer, I was a financial planner.
He had to learn the finest sales mechanics when he started his practice, and this ability helps him write compelling launches for editors for editors to write the contemporary launch.
It rarely is a waste of time to devote what you can do, even if you finally abandon it.
It is possible to apply that knowledge in a totally different field, in a way that you couldn't have anticipated.
The third multi-line supermarket is adaptation. That is, the ability to transform into anything you need in a given situation.
Open Carder is sometimes director of videos, others, web pages, sometimes Kosh-collapse consultant, sometimes teacher, and sometimes apparently, James Bono.
It's valuable because it does a good job.
He's even more valuable because it can take different roles -- depending on the needs of their clients.
The Faster Company magazine is defined as the most important ability for development, to thrive in the 21st century.
The economic world changes so rapidly and impressively that they are the individuals and organizations that can be able to engage the needs of the market, which really will thrive.
Sitting ideas, fast learning and adaptation," three skills where the multiplies are very harmful, and three skills that could be lost if they're prepared to reduce their goals.
As a society, we have a big interest to encourage multiplies to be themselves.
We have complex problems, multi-lined problems, and we need creative creative thinkers to deal with them.
Let's say they are, in their heart, specialists.
They came out of the belly knowing that they wanted to be pediatric neurosurgeon.
Don't worry, there's nothing wrong in you.
In fact, some of the best teams are made from a specialists and a paralyzed multiplication.
The specialists can dive in depth and put ideas in practice, and multiplicity offers an amplitude of knowledge to the project.
It's a beautiful relationship.
But we should all design lives and careers that are around with how we are connected.
And unfortunately, the crowd in large parts are encouraged to just be more like their specialized partners.
I once said that, if there is one thing that you take from this talk, I hope it's this: recognize with internal wiring -- whatever it is.
If you are a heart specialist, then you sort of speculate all the media.
That's where you're going to give you the best of it.
But for the multiplies in the room, including those who just realized to be one of them in the last 12 minutes --  I say, recognize with their many passion.
They follow their curiosity for those computer markets.
They explore the interactions.
embracing our internal wiring leads to a more authentic and happy life.
And perhaps most important, multiplies, the world needs us.
Thank you.
In the year 2001, a woman named Subark led to a psychiatric in France.
And I was delighted and couldn't even remember the most basic details of their life.
His doctor was called Alis.
Alanda didn't know how to help Agriculture, but it was flying up until that, unfortunately, passed in 1960.
After his death, Alaskans did a cartoon and found strange and vibrant plates in the Subarrill brain, from a guy who never seen before.
It's even more surprising.
If you had been alive today, we could not give it more aid than Alex gave a hundred years ago.
Alaska was Dr. Alaska Alzheimer.
And Sun Detroit, the first patient in receiving a diagnosis that we now call Alzheimer's.
Since 2001 medicine has advanced a lot.
They have been antibiotics and vaccines to protect us from infection, many treatments for cancer, antibodies for HIV status, and much more.
But it has been progress in the treatment of Alzheimer's treatment.
I'm part of a team of scientists who work to find a cure for Alzheimer's for over a decade.
So I think of this all the time.
Alzheimer's now affects 40 million across the world.
But in 2050, affecting 150 million that, by the way, will include many of you.
If you expect to live until the 85 years or more, the possibility of Alzheimer's will be almost one in two of each two.
In other words, there is chance that they spend their golden years with Alzheimer's or helping care to a friend or be dear with Alzheimer's.
Just in America, Alzheimer's care costs 200 billion dollars every year.
One of five dollars of the medical assistance spend in the disease of Alzheimer's disease.
Today is the most expensive disease today, and its costs prevent an increase of five times in the year 2050, as the generation of the baby baby does.
It may surprise you, but Alzheimer's one of the greatest medical and social challenges of our generation.
But it's done relatively little to fight it.
Today, one of the top 10 causes of death around the world, Alzheimer's is the only one that you can't prevent or cure or even slow your development.
We understand less of Alzheimer's than other diseases because we've invested less time and money in the research of the same.
The U.S. government spends 10 times more every year in the research of cancer than Alzheimer's despite the fact that it costs us more Alzheimer's, and causes a similar number of deaths like cancer.
The lack of resources is due to a more fundamental cause, the lack of consciousness.
Because this is what some people know, but everybody should be, the Alzheimer's a disease, and we can cure it.
For most of the last 114 years, all of us, scientists, confuse Alzheimer's with aging.
We think it will be simple in a normal and inevitable part of aging.
But there's only looking at a picture of a healthy brain in comparison with the Alzheimer's patient to see the real physical damage caused by this disease.
In addition to designing a loss of loss of memory and mental skills, damage to the brain caused by Alzheimer's reduce significantly reducing life expectancy and it's always deadly.
Remember, Dr. Alzheimer's found plates and weird oceans in the Sub brain.
For almost a century, we didn't know much about this.
Today we know that they're made of protein molecules.
You can think of a protein molecule like a piece of paper that folds like an origami.
There are places on the paper that are penguins.
And when you fold well, these sticky dots end up inside.
But sometimes things go wrong, and some sticky dots stay on the outside.
This makes the protein molecules stay with each other, forming groups that can form big plates and obsessions.
That's what we see in the patients with Alzheimer's brain.
We've spent the last 10 years at Cambridge University trying to understand how this dysfunction works.
There are a lot of steps and the identifying of what happens to be complex, like depressing a bomb.
To cut a cable could do nothing.
You can cut the others to make the bomb explode.
You have to find the right step that blocked it, and then create a drug that does it.
Until recently, most of them have reduced the cables and waiting for the best.
But now there is a diverse group of people, doctors -- doctors, genes, genes, chemicals, physics, engineers and mathematics.
And together, we've managed to identify a critical step in the process. It's now testing a new kind of drugs that block specifically this step to stop the disease.
I'll show you some of our latest results.
No one outside of our lab has seen it yet.
So let's look at some videos of what happened by testing these drugs in guards.
These are the healthy worms and you can see that they move with normal.
These worms on the other hand, they have protein molecules that are fighting each other inside them, like Alzheimer's in Humbai.
And you can see that they're clearly sick.
But when we give our new drugs to these worms in a early stage, then we see that they heal and live a normal life.
This is just a positive initial outcome, but research like this shows that Alzheimer's is a disease that we can understand and cure.
After 114 years of hope, there is real hope of what can be achieved in the next 10 or 20 years.
But to grow up that hope, to sell Alzheimer's, we need help.
It's not about scientists like me, it's about you.
We need to tell us that Alzheimer's is a disease, and if we tried, we can see it.
In the case of other diseases and patients and families have gotten more research and exercise pressure on governments, pharmaceutical industry, about scientists and legislations.
That was essential to move forward in HIV treatment in the late 1980s.
Today we see that same unit to sell cancer.
But Alzheimer's patients often can't talk for themselves.
And their families, the hidden victims, care of their loved ones day and night, are often too often too desperate to go out and advocate for change.
So, really depends on you.
Alzheimer's not in most cases a genetic disease.
Everybody with a brain runs the risk.
Today, there are 40 million patients like Super, who can't create the change they need for themselves.
They help talking for them, and they help demanding a cure.
Thank you.
I published this article in the New York Times column in the New York Times, in January of this year.
To fall in love with somebody, do this.
The article is about a psychological study, designed to create romantic love in the lab, and from my own experience by testing it myself one night of the past.
So the procedure is pretty simple: two strangers are taken to ask 36 questions more and more personal and then both look at the eyes without talking for four minutes.
Here's a couple of questions of example.
Number 12, if you could wake morning with a quality or skill, what would it be?
Number 28, when was the last time you cry to another person?
And is it?
As you move forward, these are increasingly personal.
Number 30, I really like -- "Tell your partner what you love from him or she -- I know that this time, and I say things that you wouldn't say to somebody who would have been known.
When I stumbled with this study a few years ago, a detail really called me the attention, the joke that two of the participants had married six months later and invited all of the lab to the ceremony.
So I was skeptical about this process of making romantic love, but of course, I was also intrigued.
And when I had the occasion to test this study, with somebody who knew not particularly well, I didn't expect to fall in.
However, we fell in love, and I thought it was a good story, so I send it to the Moran Morning column a few months later.
That was published in January, and now it's already abused, so I guess some of you probably ask yourself, do you follow together yet?
And the reason I think they're questioning this is because I've done this question over and over over the last seven months.
And this question is just about what I want to talk about today.
But let's go back to the subject.
A week before the paper was published, the paper was very nervous.
I had been working on a romantic book in the last few years, so I had been asked to write about my experience in romantic love in my blog.
But a blog entrance can come to a few hundred views like a lot, and those were usually just from my Facebook friends and imagination that my article in the New York Times would probably get a thousand views.
And that made a good burden of attention in relatively new relationship.
But as he said, I had no idea.
The article published online a Friday at night, and the Saturday, this happened in my blog traffic.
And the Sunday, they had already called me the South Shadow and the Google Morning America.
In a month, the article received more than eight million visit, and I was, for saying something, little prepared for this kind of attention.
One thing is to foster trust writing with synchrony on the very other loving experiences, but another thing is to discover that the loving life of one has been international news --  and people around the world are really interested in the state of your new relationship.
And when people call or write, what they did every day for weeks, they always did the same question: Is they still together?
In fact, when I was preparing this talk, I made a quick search in the bomb of my email with the phrase, "Is it still together?
And several messages appeared immediately.
They were students and journalists and strangers and coral strangers like this.
I was interviewed in radio and asked it.
Even I gave a talk, and a woman scream to the stage, "Hey Mandela where is your novel?
And immediately I set up red.
I understand this is part of the deal.
If you write about your relationship in an international newspaper, you should expect people to feel comfortable asking about it.
But I wasn't prepared for the engineering of the answer.
The 36 questions seemed to have made life itself.
In fact, the New York Times published a complementary article for San Valley, who included the experiences of readers by testing study in them with different degrees of success.
So, my first impulse to all this attention was to be very reserved with my own relationship.
I said not every request that we both do a public appearance together.
And I rejected television interviews, and reduces the photos of pictures of us.
I think I was afraid to become the invisible icon of the training process, a range for which I didn't feel at the absolute called the called care.
And I understand that people didn't want to know only if the study worked, they wanted to know whether it really works, or if it was able to produce loss love, not just an adventure, but real love, love love.
But this was a question that I didn't feel able to answer.
My relationship had just a few months ago, and I felt, especially that people ask the wrong question.
How do you know whether or not, and I will be able to tell you?
If the answer was not, would the experience of asking these 36 less interesting questions?
Dr. Arthur Aron wrote first about these questions in this same study in 1997, and there, the researcher goal was not producing romantic love.
Instead, I was looking for an international approach between college students, using what Aron called sustainable personal openness, progressive and recoveries.
It sounds romantic sound, right?
But the study is working.
The participants felt closer after doing it, several later studies also used the Armstrone rapid Michael Project as a quick way to create trust and interaction between strangers.
They have used it between police members and community, and they've used it between people of opposite political ideology.
The original version of history, which I tried last summer, which combines personal questions with four minutes of visual contact, was quoted in this article but unfortunately never published.
A few months ago, I was giving a talk in a little liberal arts university, and then a student came up to me and told me with typical: I tried the study and didn't work.
He seemed to be discovered by it.
And I said, "You mean that you fall in love with the person who did it?
Well, he made a pause one.
I think she just wants to be friends.
And I said, but became better friends.
Did you feel that you did get better to try to know the study better?
The assistant.
So I worked -- I said.
However, I don't think that was the answer that he looked for.
In fact, I don't think it's the answer that none of you are looking for when it comes to love.
I stumbled with the study for the first time when I was 29 and I was running a really difficult separation.
I had had that relationship since I was 20, which I knew virtually all my adult life, and he was my first real love, and I had no idea how or she could live without him.
So I went into science.
I investigate everything I could find about the science of romantic love, and I was hoping that that could sort of visit the heart.
I don't know if I realized this at the moment I thought that just research for the book that I wrote for, but in retrospect, it seems really obvious.
I thought if I was armed with the knowledge of romantic love, I would never have to feel as bad and alone as I felt then.
And all of this knowledge has been useful in a different way.
I'm more patient with love. I'm more related.
I have more confidence in demanding what I look for.
But I can also see you more clearly, and I can realize that what I look for is sometimes more than you can really demand me.
What it looks for love is a guarantee -- not just being loved today and to be loved tomorrow, but to keep being loved by the person I love to.
It may be that this is the guarantee that people asked when they wanted to know if we were still together.
The story that the media told about the 36 questions is that there can be a shortcut to fall in.
There may be a way to mitigate some of the implicit risk, and this is a very frightening story, because it makes us feel wonderful, but it's also frightening.
But I think when it comes to love, we're very willing to accept the short version of history.
The version of the story that says, still follow together?
And his content with a Star or No.
So more than a question, I would propose that we ask questions more difficult, questions like, "How do you decide who deserves your love and who doesn't?
How do we stay in love when things are complicated, and how do you know when to cut and distribute?
How do you live with uncertainty that inevitably delivers a relationship, or even more, how do you live with your partner doubt?
I don't know necessarily the answers to these questions, but I think they're a good start to have a more reflective conversation about what to love somebody else.
So if you want the short version of the history of my relationship, it is this -- a year ago, a knowledge and I applied a study designed to create romantic love, we love, we still follow together, and I'm very happy.
But it is not the same as to stay love.
To love is the easy part.
So at the end of my article wrote, the love didn't happen.
We start to love because we took the choice to be.
And I got a little bit of a little bit when I read it now, not because it's true but because at the moment, I hadn't considered everything that I knew that choice.
I don't consider how many times we would have both to make that decision, and how much time you will have to keep doing that choice without knowing before I always choose or not.
I want you to be enough to have done and answer 36 questions, have chosen to love someone so generous and friendly and fun and expressed that choice in the largest daily newspaper.
But what I've done, instead, is to convert my relationship in the kind of myth that I don't think really.
And what I look for, and what maybe spending my life looking for is that that myth is true.
I want the final happy ending in the title of my article -- which is, by the way, the only part of the article that I didn't really write.
But what I have in change is the opportunity to love someone, and the hope that he will love me, and he's attractive, but that's the deal with love.
Thank you.
I was raised by a few lesbian lessons and in a certain way I got a football of the forest.
I did something that really affected me but more details later.
I'll start with when I was eight years old.
I took a wooden box, and I buried a dollar of a dollar, a pen and a fork in it somewhere in Colorado.
And I thought that some strange humans or some aliens would find this box about 500 years later and learn how our species exchange ideas, for example, how we eat the spaces.
I had no idea.
Anyway, it has funny because here I am, 30 years later, and I'm still doing boxes.
At a time I was in Hawaii -- I like to go from oxygen and strike and all those weird things, and I was making a chicken for my mother.
And I took a dictionary and I rip up all the pages and I made a sort of culture chair to the Agnes Martin style -- I covered them in resin, and a bee left attacked.
Well, my mother is afraid of bees and it's allergic to them, so I added more pressure in the canvas, thinking I could hide it.
Instead, the opposite happened: somehow it seemed like that I got a size, as if you look at the text with a magnifying map.
So I built more boxes.
This time, I started adding electronic elements, frogs -- strange bottles that I was finding on the street, everything I could find, because I was looking for things all my life, trying to relate to them and tell stories about these objects.
So I started drawing around the objects, and I realized that God can draw in space.
I can flow tracks, draw the same thing that gets around a car on the crime scene.
And I took the objects and I created my own tablet of investment species.
First, both of those who can make an idea.
Then I made some insects and strange creatures.
It was very fun to draw in the reserve layers.
And it was great, because I started riding exhibitions and those things, and I was making some money, to bring my girlfriend to dinner, for example, going to Smith.
It was stupid, man.
At some point, I was interested in the human form, natural imaging sculptures with human beings within layers.
It was great, except for one thing: I died.
I didn't know what to do, because the resin was going to kill me.
And I was going to bed every night thinking about it.
So I tried to use glass.
I started drawing in the glass layers, similar to the drawing in a window, then in another window and another window, and I had all these windows together that they formed three-dimensional composition.
And this really worked, and so I could stop using the resin, and so on.
So I did this for years, and my work has a very big thing, which I call "Artilogyt."
For the transitory, I was inspired in a big measure in "The Adam of Delicious Headline, which is a painting in the Museum of President in Spain.
Do you know that?
Well, it's a fantastic picture.
They say it's a little bit ahead of their time.
Well, the tragedy." I'll explain this piece.
It weighs 11,000 pounds.
500 feet long.
It has double face, so it's 10 meters of composition.
It's a little bit weird.
Well, that's the source of blood.
On the left, it's Jesus and the languages.
There's a cave where all these creatures with animals travel between two worlds.
They go from the world of the representation to this analytical mesh of mesh where they hide.
This is where creatures with animals are headed up to the face, ready to suicide en mass crawling in the ocean.
The ocean is comprised of thousands of elements.
This is a bird god tied to a card.
Billy Graham is in the sea. The Horito -- the oil platform of the demographics, the Walker Bin Left refugee -- there are all kinds of weird things that can find if they look very well in the ocean.
In all ways, it's also a kind of a marker.
He's coming out of the ocean, and he spit oil in one hand while the other hand comes out of clouds.
Their hands are like whales and it looks like a mythological being that keeps the Earth and the cosmos in equilibrium.
So it's an aspect of the transplant."
It's a little bit of a narrative.
That's the hand that I spit in.
And then, when you go on the other side, it has a trip, like a bird skin, and you hear clouds of this journey.
It also has a 5,000 meter long, a series of snake that unites the trafficked."
Anyway, your tail is going to fire when you stand on a volcano.
I don't know why that happened.
Things that happen, you know.
His tail ends up in a global school cell made from 1982 terrorist cards.
Have you seen it?
They did in the 1980s, as if they were baseball cards of terrorists.
Very adapted to his time.  This brings me to my last project.
I'm in the middle of two projects, one is called psychologists."
It's a six-year-old project to make 100 of these human beings.
Each one is an archive of our culture, through means and material being electrical or dictionary or magazine.
But each act as a kind of archive in a human being, and travel in groups of 20, four or 12 at a time.
They're like cell cells, they are divided.
And you can walk between them. It's taking me years.
Each one is basically a microscope paper that weighs 1,300 pounds with a human trapped in its inside.
This has a little cave on the chest.
That's the head -- it's the chest -- you can interview the entrance.
I'm going to take you through the rest of the body, there's a waterfall that comes out of the chest, and it covers the penis or notion, or whatever it is, a kind of an angrier thing.
It's a quick report of these works because I can't explain to you for a long time.
We have layers, you can see.
This is a body party in half.
This has two heads, and it's communicating between the two.
There are some pills that come out and enter the head of this weird statue here.
There is a little forest scene inside of the current caveration.
Can you see it?
Anyway, this talk is about these boxes, just like the boxes that we live.
We're in a box, the solar system is a box.
This brings me to my last box.
It's a brick box. It's called Pink Words.
Within this box there is a physicist -- a neuroscientist, a painter, a music, a writer, a radio emitter -- a museum, a museum, a school, an editorial arm that spreads all the content we do in the world and a garden.
We take the box and all the people from the inside with each other as particles.
And I think that's the way to change the world.
When you lower who is and the box that you're living in.
And together we get to realize that we're all together in this, that this illusion that we are different, these concepts of countries, of the borders, of religion, doesn't work.
We're all very made of the same matter and the same box.
And if we don't start exchanging those things with supercomputer, and we're all going to die very soon.
Thank you very much.
What do you do when your head?
Take a sports.
But so that this pill has an effect against pain, first through the stomach, the bowels and other organs.
To take a pill is the most effective and indicating system so that any drug drug effect in the body.
The development, though, is that when you bring it any drug that is diagnosed down.
And this is a big problem, especially in patients with HIV.
When they take antiretroviral drugs, these are serving to decrease the amount of viruses in the blood, and increase the CO2 cells.
But they are also known for their adverse side effects, mostly negative, because in the time they take the blood current -- they're dialogue, and worse for the time they take to get to their destiny, which is where more importantly, in the HIV warehouse.
These are regions of the body like the lymph lymph -- the nervous system, the lungs, where the virus is incidentally, and not easily in the blood tower of the patients who are subjected to regular therapy with antiretroviral drugs.
However, after the disruption of treatment, the virus can wake up and infect new blood cells.
This is the big problem of HIV treatment with the current drugs that are a treatment of life driven by oral Way.
One day, I felt and I thought, "Could we get the treatment directly to the device of the virus, without the risk of diagnosis of medicine?
As a scientific expert, the answer was in front of me, the lasers of course.
If you use in ordinary, for the care of wounded wounds and the surgery of diabetes, you can use for anything imaginable, including the interstellar transportation of drugs.
In fact, we're already using laser leafs to open or purpose extremely small holes that open and close almost immediately the cells infected with HIV to introduce drugs.
The best thing is, "How is that possible?
We sent a little bit and powerful laser laser on the cellular membrane infected by HIV while these cells are embedded in a liquid that contains the drug.
The laser access the cell, whereas the cell absorbs the drug in a matter of microscope.
Before you even notice, the hole is replaced immediately.
We are currently testing this real-time technology or in Petri plates, but the goal is to take this technology into human body, apply it to the human body.
"How is that possible? You can ask.
Well, the answer is: through a terrorist of three heads.
With the first head, which is our laser, we will make an invitation in the infection site.
The second head, which is a camera, is headed to the site of infection.
Finally, the third head, an insect that distributes the drug, releases it directly at the site of infection, while laser is used again to keep open cells.
Well, this doesn't seem too much time.
But one day, if it's successful, this technology can lead to the total HIV total eradication of the body.
Yeah. A cure for HIV.
This is the dream of all HIV researchers in our case, a treatment with laser to read.
Thank you.
In the last decade, I've been studying armed groups not states, armed organizations like terrorists, insulins or military.
I document what these groups do when they're not shooting up.
My goal is to better understand these generations of violence and study ways to encourage the transition of violent participation to nonviolent confrontation, not violent.
I do field work, in the world of politics and the library.
Understanding these groups is key to solving almost every conflict in course, because war has changed.
It used to be a state of states.
Not anymore.
Now it's a conflict between the states and non-governmental actors.
For example, from the 260 signed peace arrangements between 1975 and 2011, 1960 were signed between a state and a non-governmental actor.
So we need to understand these groups, even we need to engage them or defeat them in any process of successful conflict.
But how do we do that?
We need to know what motivates these organizations.
We know very well the reasons why they fight, how they do, but nobody analyzes what they do when they don't fight.
The armed struggle and politicians are not related.
Everything is part of the same organization.
We can't understand these groups, not much less to defeat them, without a global vision.
The armed groups of today are complex organizations.
For example, the Liberia flows, known for its violent cooling against Israel.
From its creation in the 1980s, Hebrew has also established a political party -- a network of social services and a military device.
Similarly, the Palestinian Palestinian, known by its suicide attacks against Israel, also administration the Gaza Bay since 2007.
So these groups do more than just shooting up.
They're multiple.
They make a complex machinery of communication: radio stations, TV channels websites from Internet and strategies in social networks.
And here you have the IST magazine, printed in English and published to recommend.
armed groups also invest in a complex recovery of forests without sandwiches, but through profitable business -- for example, building companies.
These activities are key.
They allow these groups to increase their strength, increase their funds, to recruit better and build their brand.
armed groups also do something more, create stronger ties with their population investing in social services.
They build schools, they manage hospitals, they put in a professional training program or microscope.
Hebrew offers all these services and more.
armed groups also try to conquer the population offering something that the state doesn't drive, security and protection.
The ascent of the Taliban in an Afghanistan torn by the war or even the principle of the ideology of Islamis, can also understand the efforts of these groups for providing security.
Unfortunately, in these cases, security has an inherently elevated price for the population.
But in general, providing social services means to fill a cow, a gap left by the government, and allow these groups to strengthen and increase their power.
For example, the election victory of 2006 of the Palestinian Hamas can't understand without recognizing the social work of the group.
It's a really complex scenario, even in the West, when we look at the armed groups, we just think about the violent side.
But that's not enough to understand the strengths of these groups, strategy or long-term vision.
These groups are hardware.
They grow because they fill gaps left by the government, and they emerge as armed groups and political groups, participate in violent struggle and give governance.
And the more complex and sophisticated are these organizations, less we can catalog them as something contrary to a state.
How do you call a group like Heizmbark?
They dominate part of a territory -- they manage all of their functions -- collect the garbage, they manage the accident system.
Is it a state? Is it a relevant group?
Or maybe another thing, something new and different.
And what is Islams?
The lines are developed.
We live in a world of states, with no state and hunters, and the more weak the states are, like in the Middle East today, more intervene and fill that gap.
This is important for governments because to counter these groups will have to invest more in not military tools.
Having that government vacuum has to be at the center of any sustainable approach.
This is very important also to establish and comfort peace.
If we understand the armed groups, we will understand better what incentives to offer to foster the transition of violence to nonviolent violence.
In this new dispute between states and non-state actors, the military power can win some battle, but it won't give us peace or stability.
In order to achieve these targets we need long-term investments to fill that security vacuum to fill that vacuum of government that allowed these groups to thrive in a principle.
Thank you.
I'm a failure as a woman and as a feminist feminist.
My opinions about gender equality are very young, but I fear that I would openly accept the temperature tag would be unfair for feminists.
I'm feminist, but pretty bad.
And therefore I have a bad feminist as well.
Or, at least, I wrote an article and a book called "The Bad Feminist: And then in the interviews, people started to call me the Malawi Feminist.
So what I started as a personal joke to myself and a deliberate proposition, has become a bigger thing.
Let me give you a step back.
When I was young, especially in my youth and at 20 years old, I had strange ideas about the feminists, these furry women, angry with the men and they hated sex. As if that was something bad.
Today, I see how women are treated around the world and anger, in particular, seems a perfectly reasonable response.
But at that time, I was worried about the tone that I was using people when I was going to be feminist.
To be labeled as a feminist was an accusation.
They tagged me as a woman who doesn't follow the rules, which means too much, with high self-esteem and dare to believe it's equal or superior to a man.
Nobody wants to be that rebellion woman, until it realizes that it's actually that woman, and you can't imagine to be another person.
Over time, as I was growing up, I started to accept that I am, in fact, feminist, and also, proud to be.
For me, certain claims are irrelporously, women are equal to men.
We deserve the same paycheck for the same work.
We have right to travel around the world as we want, out of academic or violence.
We have right to use in easy way and accessible the contraceptives and the reproductive services.
We have the right to decide about our bodies, no need for legislative control or evolutionary doctors.
We have the right for respect.
There's more.
When you talk about women's needs, you have to look at our other identity.
We're not just women.
We're people with a different body, expression of gender, religion and sexuality -- social conditions, skills and much more.
We need to have these differences and how they affect us, in the same way that matters what we have in common.
Without this kind of inclusion -- our feminism is nothing.
For me, these truths are evidence, but to be clear, I'm a disaster.
I'm full of contradictions.
There are a lot of things that make me a bad feminist.
I have another conference.
When I go to work, I hear music rap to the whole volume.
Although the letter degraded to women, and I was very deeply, the classic Salaha Shakespeare of the Union Sang Twin is incredible.
Make it reality with your movement movement.
Person, done, move until the coach drives?
Think about it.
Portal poetry, right?
I'm completely marked by my musical taste.
I believe strongly in the work of man, which is all I don't want to do, including --  all the domestic tasks -- but also killing insects, the care of garbage and the care of the cheap and the maintenance of machinery.
I don't want to have anything to do with that.
The pink is my favorite color.
I enjoy fashion magazines and the beautiful things.
And I can see "The Backpack and the Romantic commands, and I have a lot of absolute accounts of the fairy accounts that make it happen.
Some of my dolphins are more described.
If a woman wants to adopt the apple of his husband, it's his choice, and I'm not who to play.
If a woman decides to stay home to raise his children, I accept that choice, too.
The problem is not that it becomes economically vulnerable through this same choice, the problem is that our society is confused so that women are economically vulnerable when they choose to.
We solve this problem.
I remember conventional feminism that has ignored or designed historically the needs of color women, the workers and the homosexual and transplants, in favor of white women, heterosexual class and middle class.
Listen, if that's good feminist, I'm a very bad feminist.
It also happens this: As a feminist I feel a lot of pressure.
We have this tendency to put female females in a penetral.
We hope that they go back to perfection.
When they reach us, we would remove them with a lot of like from the same penetration where we put them.
As I said, I'm a disaster. I think I was derived from that penicilli before they tried to get there.
Too many women, particularly the innovators and the leaders of the sector, are afraid of being tagged as feminist.
They are afraid to stand up and say, "Yes, I'm a feminist for fear of what that tag means, for fear to not be able to fulfill with little reactions.
Take Beijing, or as I call it, the Girl.
In the last few years, it's a declared feminist.
In the video of video Mayanaha Abrahams, 2014, in MIT, he was acting in front of the word "embarrassing of three meters tall.
It was a magnificent show, looking at this star of the pop embracing the feminist and to know women and young men who will be feminist is something to be proud of.
Over time, cultural critics started endless debates if Bekoki was or not exactly feminist.
They qualified their feminist, instead of simply creating the word of an adult and mature woman.
We demand perfection of feminists, because we're still fighting for a lot, we want a lot, we need so much so hard.
We go far beyond the construction and constructive criticism to design the feminist of any woman, destroy it until nothing left.
We don't need to do that.
The bad feminist, or rather, a more inclusive feminist is the point.
But what happens next?
We went from recognizing our impressions to figure out, move into action and be a little bit more brave.
If I hear music music, I'm creating a demand for artists that would be more happy to provide an unlimited supply.
These artists will not change their way to talk about women in their songs until we demanded change affecting effectively to their profit.
It certainly is hard.
Why does his music have to be so penguin?
It's hard to choose something better and so easy to justify a worse choice.
But when bad decisions get justify this makes it harder for women to achieve equality, the equality that we all deserve and is our responsibility.
I think of my sandwiches, three and four years.
It's two magnificent girls -- decide and brilliant, and also very brave -- I want you to grow up in a world.
It's where you appreciate them for the strong creatures that they are.
I think of them, suddenly, the best option will be very easy to do.
We can all make better decisions.
We can change the channel when a television program treat sexual violence against women as sport, via the Treaking of Treasure.
We can change radio emissions when we hear songs that treat women like nothing.
We can spend our money to go to cinema in another part when movies don't treat women more than as a decorative objects.
We can stop supporting professional sports where the athletes treat their partners like bottle boxes.
In any case, the men, especially the white men, heterosexual can say, "No, I'm not going to publish in your magazine, engaging in your project, or working with you, until you don't include enough of women, so much to participate how to make decisions.
I'm not going to work with you until your publishing or your organization is more inclusive with a more broad magnetism."
Those of us who are surprised but invited to participate in these kinds of projects, we can also refuse to be included until more like us are welcome to overcome the barriers to the decision points.
Because we are not lower people -- without these efforts, without adopting these positions, our achievements.
We can make these little values of courage and hope that our decisions come to the top, to people in power direct and music products and music, CEOs, the legislations, the people who can make big decisions, more courageous, to create a durable and significant change.
We can also claim our feminist, well, bad, or any non-strategy.
The last line of my book "Marty Feynman," says, "I'm going to be a bad feminist not to be at all.
This is true because of many reasons, but I say, especially because I get my voice stolen and the feminist helped me to collect it.
There was an incident.
I call it incident to deal with what happened.
A few kids gave me when I was very young, and I didn't know that kids can do this to a girl.
They treated me like nothing.
I started to believe that it wasn't anything.
They stole my voice, and after everything I didn't dare to believe I could say something that could matter.
But I was writing.
And with it I went back to write.
I became a stronger version of myself.
I read the words of those women who could understand a story like mine, and women who looked like me and understood what it meant to live in this world if you have the brown skin.
I read the words of women who showed me that it was nothing.
I learned to write like them, and then I learned to write like myself.
I found my voice again, and I started to believe that my voice is powerful beyond what you can measure.
Through writing and feminist, I also discovered that if it was a little courageous -- another woman could hear me and see me and realize that none of us is the nothing that the world tries to tell us that we are.
In one hand, I have the power to achieve anything.
And in the other, I have the humble reality that I'm just a woman.
I'm a bad feminist -- I'm a good woman, I'm trying to improve my way to think about, what I say and what I do, without abandoning everything that makes me human.
I hope we can all do the same thing.
I hope that we can all be a little bit courageous, when more people need such a value.
Right after Christmas last year, 130 children in California had a measles for having visited Disney, or to be exposed to someone who had been there.
The virus then caught the border with Canada, infected over 100 children in Turky.
One of the tragic things about this outbreak is that the measles that can be fatal for a child with a weakened immune system, is one of the most easily preventable diseases in the world.
There is an effective vaccine against this for more than half a century ago, but many of the children involved in the Instance outbreak had not been vaccinated because their parents were afraid of something allegedly worse, autism.
But a moment, was it not the article that broke the politics on autism and decorated vaccines, described and marked by being a fraud developed by the British Medical Journal Jordan?
Doesn't it believe most intelligent scientists that the vaccine that vaccines cause autism is a student?
I think most of you know it, but millions of parents around the world are still afraid that vaccines put in danger to their children to have autism.
Why?
Here's why.
This is a graph of the rise estimates in the time.
For most of the 20th century, autism was considered a very rare disease.
The few psychologists and pediatrician who had heard about it created their entire professional life without seeing one case.
For decades, prevalence estimates followed stable statistics just three or four children per 10,000 dollars.
But then, in the 1990s, the numbers started shooting up.
But the fundraising organizations like Authoritan Spanish refer to autism as an epidemic -- as if I could tell another child in Denmirger.
What's going on?
If it's not the vaccines, what is it?
If you ask people at the Center of Disease Center from Atlanta, what's going on, they tend to based on phrases like "unclear diagnostic crisis: and a better case detection to explain these growing figures.
But that kind of language doesn't spend a lot of the fears of a young mother who searches in the face of her two years, the visual contact.
If the criteria of diagnostic had to expand, why were they so reduced at the beginning?
Why were the cases of autism so hard to find before the 1990s?
Five years ago, I decided to discover the answers to these questions.
I learned that what happened is less than do with slow and loving progress of science than with the power seductive power.
For most of the 20th century, doctors told a story about what autism is and how it was discovered, but that story turned out, and the consequences of the same are having a devastating impact on global public health.
There was a second more accurate story of autism that had been lost and forgotten in the dark corners of clinical literature.
This second story tells us everything about how we get here and where we have to go.
The first story starts with a child psychiatrist -- Leonard Kansas, from Johns Johns Hopkins -- in 1943, Kansas published an article that describes 11 young patients that seemed to have private worlds -- by giving people around their surroundings, even their own parents.
They could be fun for hours by waving their hands in their faces, but they were prisoners of the panic for memories as when they didn't put their favorite toy in their usual place without knowing it.
Over the base of patients treated in their clinic, Kansa speculated that autism is very rare.
By the 1950s, as a major authority of the world in the subject, declared that he had seen less than 150 true cases of his syndrome, while collecting refugees of places as far as South Africa.
This is actually not extracting, because the Christians criteria for autism diagnosis were very restriction.
For example, I was able to give that diagnosis to children with conventions, but now we know that epilepsy, the epilepsy, is very common in autism.
He once realized that he had turned at nine in 10 children sent by other doctors to his consultant for being autistic without giving them a diagnosis of autism.
Kansas was a smart man, but part of his theories were not certainly.
It classified autism as a form of child psychologists caused by cold and designed parents.
These kids, he said, have taken care of a refrigerator.
At the same time, however, Kansa noticed that some of their young patients had special skills that are clustered in certain areas like music, mathematics and memory.
One of the kids in their clinic could distinguish between 18 synapses before they were two years before they were two.
When his mother put one of his favorite designs, he correctly said, "The Beethoven."
But Kansa had a bad opinion of these skills -- shaking things like the children were simply giving up what they had heard of their parents, desperate by winning their approval.
As a result, autism became source of shame for families, and two generations of autistic children were sent to institutions for their own good, becoming invisible for the world in general.
And amazingly, it wasn't until the 1970s, that researchers started testing Kansas theory that autism was weird.
Lord Window, cognitive psychology of London, thought that the theory of the mothers would be a pretty stupid thing.
She and his husband John were warm, affective, and they had a deep autistic daughter called Sustain.
Lord and John knew how hard it was to raise a girl like Sustain without support services, without special education, and without access to other resources without a diagnosis.
To defend the National Health Service, they needed more resources for autistic children and their families, Lord and their colleague, Judith Goldie decided to do something that you should have done 30 years earlier.
They did a presence of autism prevalence in the general population.
They started a suburban from London called Cambridge to try to find the autistic children in the community.
What you saw was clear that the Kansas model was too limited, because the reality of autism was much more colorful and diverse.
Some children could not speak at all, whereas others were engaged in their fascination by astrophysics, in dinosaurs or the generation of reality.
Otherwise, these kids didn't fit in nice and based squares as Judith said, and they saw a lot of them, much more than the monolithic model of Kansas would have predicted.
At first, they were lost to try to make sense of their data.
How did no one have noticed these kids before?
But then Lord found a reference to an article published in German in 1944, the next year to the Kansas article -- and that then forget, buried under the ashes of a terrible time that nobody wanted to remember.
Kansas knew about this article of competition, but he avoided scary in his own work.
There was no even a translation to English, but luckily, the husband of Lord spoke German, and he translated him for her.
The document offers an alternative story of autism.
His author was a man named Hans Apple, who would run an integrated clinic with a school in Vienna, in the 1930s.
The ideas of Asperger for teaching children of learning were programmed even for contemporary standards.
The morning in their clinic started with music, and the kids follow their games on the afternoon.
Instead of blaming the parents to cause autism, Asian described it as a political disability of life that requires compassionate forms of support and adapted spaces during the course of all life.
Instead of treating kids in their clinic as patients, Asperger's called their little teachers, and it was dedicated to help the development of education methods that were especially appropriate for them.
Fundamentally, Asperger saw autism as a diverse continuous that would embrace an amazing variety of drones and disability.
He believed that autism and autistic traits were common and they've always been, seeing aspects of this continuum in architects known in pop culture like the awkward social scientist and the distracted professor.
He was beyond even to say, that for success in science and art, a percentage of autism is essential.
Lord and Judith discovered that Kansas was wrong in which autism was informed, like the parents were the cause.
In the next few years, they worked in silence with the American Association of Psychology to expand the criteria of the diagnosis that reflect the diversity of what they called autism spectrum."
At the end of the '80s and early '90s, their changes went into video, holding the limited model of Kansas by one wide and inclusive anti-collapse.
These changes didn't fall in broken sandwich.
Interestingly, when Lord and Judith were working between the baseballs to reform these criteria. People around the world see an autistic adult for the first time.
Before Rainy Man in 1988, just a little circle, forged by experts knew what the autism was, but after the invisible performance of Dutch Homoista like Ruminist Babbage and recognition of Darwin Hansone with four price of the Academy -- pediatrician psychologists and teachers and parents around the world knew what autism was.
At the same time, they were introduced the first easy clinical trials to use to diagnose autism.
I shouldn't have a connection with that little circle of experts to make a diagnosis for his son.
The combination of Ray Man changes in the criteria and the introduction of these tests created a network effect, a perfect storm of autism consciousness.
The number of diagnosis began to reach up, just like predicted Lord and Judith -- they actually hoped that it was going out, getting people with autism and their families to finally get the support and services that they deserve.
So Andrew Washington came to blame the vaccines for the diagnosis in the diagnosis -- a simple, powerful, and seductive history -- as bad as the Tasmanian theory that autism was informed.
If the current estimates of the center of prevention that one in every 68 children in America are in the spectrum -- it's correct, the autistic artists are one of the largest minority groups in the world.
Over the last few years, autistic people have joined on the Internet to reject the idea that they are the puzzles to solve by new medical advances by taking the term neurologist to celebrate the varieties of human cognition.
One way to understand the neuroscience is to think of terms of human operating systems.
The fact that a PC doesn't work with Windows, doesn't mean it's broken.
According to autistic standards, the normal human brain is easily distributed, obsessively social, and suffer from a deficit of attention to detail.
No doubt, autistic people have difficulty to live in a world not built for them.
70 years later, we're still reaching April, who believed the "urge for the most exciting aspects of autism are in the understanding of the teachers, employers with capacity, support communities, support communities, and parents with faith in the potential of their children.
An autistic woman called Joseph Zacks once once said, "We need all the hands in covered to deliver the boat of humanity.
As we navigate to a uncertain future, we need all forms of human intelligence on the planet to deal with the challenges that we face as a society.
We can't afford to waste or a brain.
Thank you.
